1	we always stop here when we are in town and it never disappoints ! juan has hot to be one of the waiters i 've ever had . upbeat and fun ! great food ! all around great time !
1	i 'm already bringing friends and family there . since my first dinner there 2 months ago , i have returned 4 times . every meal is even better than the last . and the horchata is delicious .
1	margaritas were awesome too . happy hour 2 for 1
1	the queso is amazing - worthy of a meal in itself . we had batter-dipped fish tacos , carne asade tacos , and chicken penuches , and they were all phenomenal . flavors are well-balanced , nothing over-seasoned , and very creative recipes . very good food ! lovely decor , excellent wait staff ( especially jessica ) and good drinks . definitely a great choice for lunch , if you 're anywhere near mandalay bay .
1	my wife loves their quesadillas and their tacos are my absolute favorite . you won 't find a restaurant serving a more generous portioned asada soft taco for the price . i 'm a customer for life !
1	the refried beans have pork in them which sucks for me since i 'm allergic to pig , but all 5 of us loved the meal . very pleased and a must-visit for anyone that prefers a less touristy las vegas experience .
1	we were waited on by the owner and we had 5 star service . we will be back as soon as possible .
1	the atmosphere , the music and the food seal the deal . i had the carnitas platter , and it is excellent. the spices they use on the meat is wonderful , the chips and salsa are fantastic and the margaritas are perfect . it 's a bit off the strip , but worth the walk or the cab ride .
1	i am from nm where this restaurant is based out of . it 's just as good . the green chile is hot and enchiladas are fantastic . i always get the green chile cheese enchiladas .
1	when i lived in southern california i went all the time to their restaurant there and they don 't disappoint . yes a bit more expensive than your typical mexican restaurant but worth it . the best carnitas i have tasted . plus a huge tequila menu . enjoy ! ! !
1	we have always had excellent service and the food is phenomenal . anytime we have out of town guests we bring them here for a special treat . we have tried many different items on the menu and have never been disappointed . we love the decor and enjoy the piano player on weekends . we always leave happy and satisfied .
1	the service is superb . margaritas , food , & warm complimentary chips & salsa were fresh & delicious . cannot say enough about this place . highly , highly recommend ! ! !
1	we live in avondale , and every time we are in mesa , we love to eat here . the prices are very reasonable , and the service and food are awesome ! we wish they would expand , and build one in the west valley ! everything on the menu is amazing , you can 't go wrong , great atmosphere , too !
1	fresh food , extremely fast service ! ! ! the guys who work here should be very proud of themselves for representing a brand with only the best ! ! ! ! ! i only wish other restaurants would get training from these guys , some people have a lot to learn because of the example these guys set .. for sure only the best ! ! ! !
1	absolutely the best quesadillas we had chicken and shrimp friendly service reasonably priced will be back soon
1	the only other place i consider going is los favoritos , which is also very good . but it telling you , not much beats texanos california burrito , any of their combo plates , or their nachos . stay as far away from fillibertos and run right across the street . you wont be disappointed . also they have this creamy green salsa that is so spicy and amazingly good .
1	the waitress recommended it : - ) my husband had the beef burro which was also excellent ! portions are very large , service is great & nice atmosphere . they do not service alcohol and wishing they did .
1	the carne and chicken is marinated and grilled over coals .
1	get the cilantro line chicken taco ! you will not be disappointed ! great service , great location .
1	so tasty and delicious . drinks were great . vibe and music and ambience were all amazing . great times ! ! !
1	very quick service and the people are very nice . a ton of options and very spicy . there was a bit of a language barrier , but you can pay for the tacos inside if you only have a card and outside in cash . i had the potato taco and i went back for a second that night . the tortillas are soft and handmade and the toppings are fresh . seriously , go there . $ 2 a taco cannot be beat for this quality of product .
1	the tortillas are hand made so they are crispy and tender at the same time . everything i have tried is flavorful . drinks are fantastic . nice modern atmosphere . my daughter and husband like it just as much . can get crowded on weekends so go early .
1	the windy city fries were also the business . large order feed 4 of us in the office . will for sure be going back .
1	we enjoyed sitting outside for lunch in downtown gilbert where you can find many new eateries that are also very , very good .
1	i didn 't think there was a viable competitor to unseat taqueria guadalajara on s. park st. in the cheap taco department , but lo and behold . the steak is amazingly flavorful without being muddied in a sea of clashing spices , the chicken is moist and slightly tangy from some type of citrus and the puerco al pastor is a great option if they are out of steak . just , great .
1	the husband and wife who own the place were so kind and working in the kitchen the entire time . i placed an order for pick up , but i couldn 't resist the tamales and champurrado i saw when i arrived . aside from the excellent service , the food was so delicious . i had pastor tacos , carne asada fries , red pork tamales , and champurrado . there was nothing not to love and it all cost 20 dollars total . i look forward to visiting more frequently now that i have tried it . this is the type of place that deserves local support .
1	there are few businesses on planet earth that give such incredible food & service at an unbeatable price , with a staff that is friendly but not so much that you start to think that they 're covering up something . the quality control here should be studied by all other businesses . by my calculations , i have eaten in n out over 700 times . they have forgotten something on my order once , and were extremely apologetic about it . the food is always immensely satisfying . few places scratch the itch like in n out does . love you in n out ! you set the bar so high !
1	i 'm a lover of qdoba ( chipotle and moe 's don 't even compare in my book ) but phat burrito puts them to shame . what 's even more amazing is that the burritos travel well . no soggy mess when you get home . the ingredients taste really fresh , are full of flavor and who doesn 't love the fact that the place is yellow ? definitely a local fave .
1	shown this place by a friend and his girl ( who is venezuelan ) and ive been hooked ever since . i drive from henderson just to have a # 7 w / cheese and a cachapa . amazing variety and highest of high quality food . never a bad experience in 3 years and never a concern about incorrectly prepped or cooked food. always spot on . keep up the great food gang . viva las arepas !
1	we ate here today and i 'm in love with the food ! i 'll start with the chips and salsa . chips were crunchy and lightly salty . the salsa ? the best i 've ever had anywhere ! it was hot and spicy which i love and you know it 's good when there is chunks on onions in it . the meal was incredible . i loved every bite ! my brain wishes there was more but my stomach is glad there wasn 't because i would have just kept eating ! we will probably make this a regular stop now . yum !
1	can 't wait to bring our friends ! ! ! ! service was great . very friendly and new the menu well .
1	awesome variety of salsa ( mix it with the queso cheese ) . i have eaten here a lot so i can 't honestly say i have a favorite meal but i do love the tacos ( beef , pork , chicken & fish ) , fajitas and tamales . they have a warm friendly staff that caters to the customers . if you love mexican food , andele is the place go .
1	i have been coming here about 15years ! spectacular service and the food is authentic as it comes . i love that they have added the bar in the back and more tables out front where you can sit out past dark and enjoy the out doors !
1	great latin nights every friday ! food comes in small tapas portions and it comes out pretty fast ! paella is to die for , just keep in mind it takes about 30-45 minutes to be made ! stuff is super friendly end it is a must visit destination when you come to vegas ! !
1	we had a large party and they seated us immediately and had food on the table within 30 minutes . highly recommend the pork tamales and the super fresh guacamole .
1	best guacamole i 've ever had anywhere . what a great find .
1	the staff was super friendly and helped me choose since it was my first visit . amazing food , especially the grilled fajita veggies . will definitely be returning . the hype is real .
1	cheap meals at a high quality of mexican authenticity . one of the best taco stands
1	i will go back many times in the future ! the food there is as good as the local food i would eat back in iraq ! ! ! !
1	casual but fun atmosphere . the carpaccio beef , spicy squid , whole-fish ceviche , bread and olive oil were all fantastic and unusually delicious . my sherry was extraordinary . difficult to get tables , reservations , etc . , but you know that . worth all the trouble if you love great food and are willing to pay for it .
1	we hadn 't been in awhile and i had forgotten what a lovely place this is . we 'll be back more often .
1	) we had sooo much fun . this restaurant came highly recommended and now we know why ! we will be back .
1	the chef came to the table personally to explain the dishes , which were all divine . very good service , excellent food , nice setting . can 't recommend highly enough !
1	the food was delicious , the servers extremely polite and attentive . would highly recommend to anyone visiting montreal
1	it 's been 3 or more years since my family and i ate here . my green chile burrito , rice and beans were fantastic ! ! my son loved the carne asada , beans were delicious , rice scrumptious , salsa and homemade hot sauce mm , mm , mm ! ! it won 't take three years for me to return .
1	i 've been to mesa grill before , it always is delish ! as an appetizer i had the tiger shrimp + roasted garlic corn tamale * corn - cilantro sauce . then for an entree , new mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin * bourbon - ancho chile sauce sweet potato tamale + crushed pecan butter . it was divine ! ! ! it was cooked perfectly and the sauce was spicy , just like i like it ! for dessert , i had the coconut layer cake - yummy ! i will def be going back !
1	friendly staff and delicious food ! i frequent here about once a week . they have a hooked up special that is almost always there for a 6 dollar burrito . best burrito place on campus !
1	no farmer 's market will ever compare to madison 's farmer 's market . you could find me circling the capital every saturday morning when i lived here . the plethora of cheese stands , the unique breads and the delicious and inexpensive produce make this farmer 's market the cat 's meow ! i highly recommend everyone in madison checking out the farmer 's market every saturday . you 'll decrease your grocery list 10-fold !
1	we called last minute for a reservation for 10 people and they were extremely accommodating . the food was delicious ! no one in our big party didn 't love what they ordered . the five star service definitely makes this restaurant one that we will visit again .
1	love the music and the fish tacos were the best i ever had in las vegas
1	the burritos and tostadas can be filled with an array of different preparations of beef , chicken. and pork as well as beans , sautéed veggies , mushrooms etc . the chicken mole was scrumptious ... the meats are all deliciously well seasoned as mexican fare should be . not a drop of grease nor is the food heavy on salt . this is my second visit here ... and the quality of the food has remained consistent . bon appetit !
1	the kids and i have been here two days in a row . little hole in the wall place with fabulous food ! can 't go wrong here .
1	we came in for lunch today and everything was excellent . our service was outstanding and all of the food was delicious ! you can tell that the employees work hard at this location and take pride in their work .
1	we went as a large party of 22 , and we were taken care very well . our waiters christian and angel were kind and helpful and knew what we needed before we did . another star of the experience was noe one of the managers . always made sure we were well taken care of . we are all looking forward to returning , and making apart of our traditions . thank you lindo michoacan from the hostess , managers , waiters , helpers , and even the mariachi 's the night was magical . gracias por todo , la familia vega
1	the mulitas are absolutely awsome ! best tortillas . i 'll be back
1	chips and salsa were so delicious ! i had : -the trash can nachos which are amazinggg ! ! -yucca fries , these were just ok compared to others i 've had my bf had : -the gringo and said it was one of the best burgers he has ever had ! our friends had : -guacamole which was very good ! -street corn -fajitas which were bomb ! ! ! my only complaint : i love churros and while the ones here looked good-they were wayyyyy too doughy and just the taste was off ( probably one of the worst churros i have ever had ) but overall it was great , 5 stars ! , will definitely be going back ! ! ! !
1	all the ingredients were fresh and delicious . i tried three different tacos . loved the carne asada and the vegetable . will definitely return for more . also tried the fresca .
1	couldn 't resist trying both pork and beef arepas , super filling , but every bite was true heaven ! texture , flavor , freshness , all flawless . as if i was the recipient of a chef 's competition winner . hope they can come to california soon ...
1	had the braised beef taquitos for happy hour . so much food i need help to finish and the best part $ 2 tecate !
1	service excellent , food amazing yummy ! i had the best chorizo ever so mouth watering sooo good . i cant wait to go back . it looks kinda not cool from the out side but when you enter is real good . you wont regret it !
1	most unique creamy tasty spicy sauce ivs ever had ! i didn 't want fries so we went with tacu tacu con lomo saltado ( ribeye over mashed potatos / white beans ) ! ! amazing ! ! ! also ordered the palta rellena ( avocado stuffed w chicken potato salad ) , cover it in creamy hot sauce .
1	dos reales is my favorite go to place when im looking for somthing tasty to eat . it is fast , cheap , and above all tastes great . the service is awesome and they have plenty of seating . my favorite dish is the chicken fajita quasidila . that with there amazing fresh chips and salsa make the perfict meal . if you havent been to dos reales , you need to ! its by far my favorite resturant in champaign . : )
1	seemed very authentic. i stopped here while on a road trip and it was definitely worth the ten minute drive off the freeway ,
1	i get the trainer salad with chicken every time , and it 's my favorite salad from anywhere . their tacos , burritos , and breakfast items are all great , too ( not to mention they have the best posole in phoenix according to new times ) . everything is always fresh and quick , plus it doesn 't break the bank like some overhyped street taco places i won 't mention . it 's as authentic as any little taco shop , but you 're guaranteed good service in a clean , enjoyable atmosphere . be sure to stop by for taco tuesday !
1	this restaurant is sensational . can i give 6 stars ? please ?
1	my nachos ( yes , as my wife keeps reminding me , i know they are supposed to be an " appetizer " to be shared ) came with a trowel rather than a fork .
1	well it was a lot more than just a taco shop had some of the finest seafood / hawaiian style food in the world ! i had their tacos that had like a mango salsa and what taste like ginger topping and i absolutely fell in love with their spot .
1	we were looking for someplace air-conditioned since it 's 104 outside , so we popped in for lunch and to check the place out . we were greeted by michelle who turned out to be the owner , and she was awesome . she walked us through the menu and gave us some suggestions , and i ended up ordering something completely different than i normally would . turned out to be a great decision - the food was awesome hot and fresh . she checked in on us a couple of times to make sure we were happy and to refill our drinks . great spot , friendly & great quality !
1	amazeballs ! the atmosphere is really laid back and quaint . awesome outside patio area , incredible food and great low prices . winner !
1	the tacos are so delicious , omg that handmade tortillas ( i cannot believe i just said " omg " ) are so freaking good . when i took my mom here she was so surprised , it reminded her of her moms food . that 's how good it is , i suggest going here for real mexican food ! ! ! if you 're a roberto 's person , i feel bad for you son , i got 99 problems but tacos ain 't one ! ! abuelas for life ! ! !
1	my favorite meats are the lengua and chicarraron verde ( my mouth is already watering ) . my family and i literally come here about 3 times a week and abuelas always exceeds my expectations . my favorite special on the weekend is their amazing menudo , yummmy and don 't forget to order a michelada with it ! ! go abuelas ! ! !
1	everything is extremely fresh and delicious . i love the asada fries and i make sure to get a meal there at least once a week . delicious , affordable and the owner is the nicest last that you can meet . a great overall experience .
1	the handmade tortillas are the bomb and totally make the taco . the nacho 's were really tasty as well . everything tastes fresh and authentic . the environment is nice too . i 'm pretty sure the owners 17 year old daughter was running the place , but she was so nice and professional . all the food was served quickly and i can 't complain !
1	their food is delicious and the staff is awesome ! their food is made authentic and everything they offer is delicious . they really care about the las vegas community and their customers .
1	the food was amazing and fresh tortillas were made on the spot ! i would recommend abuelas to anyone looking for a unique dining experience for a house party or bbq .
1	it is pricey for a poor college student but the portions are really big so you know you 'll have left overs for the next day . they also give you chips and three types of salsa so you can just fill up on that too ! ha but all in all everything was pretty tasty ! i doubt my nana would ever be able to cook something that intricate up ( sorry nana ) but they definitely have some crowd favorites that are well put together !
1	they have amazing chimichangas and margaritas . the service is top tier .
1	everything i have ever ordered has been perfect and the chips and salsa are to die for . took my entire family of eight here for my birthday and only raves from everyone . atmosphere and service has always been great .
1	the food , the staff , the decor , and the happy hour is top notch . we always leave extremely happy and very satisfied . they have a fantastic rewards program . give it a try ... you will never be disappointed . we love this restaurant ! ! ! ! !
1	the tacos are made from fajita steak and so tender . the chips and salsa are divine and the margaritas are always perfectly mixed . yum ! ! ! !
1	each person we have met was fantastic every time we have visited . and the food is to die for ! not the same old mundane american-mexican food . the flavors are wonderful . the choices are creative and delicious ! we took our family there tonight . even the picky eaters cleaned their plates ! our waitress was attentive and made us feel like her family .
1	was here with my boyfriend and have enchiladas and queso and they were both amazing ! had the firecracker shrimp and that was the best ! ! ! felicia was our server and she was awesome ! her suggestions were not only helpful but delicious ! also had the margarita that come in martini glass made with 1800 . best margarita i have ever had ! and it comes with a shaker that is equivalent to two full martini glasses ! ! definitely coming back ! ! sun thru friday $ 3 off all drinks too ! !
1	the huevos rancheros and beef tacos were to die for and generally the staff was incredible .
1	rito 's burro meat is definitely slow cooked with the sauce and so , so tender ! my favorite is the green chili meat burro , green enchillada style ( ask for green on green ) . taco 's are incredible but no way way add that with the green on green without someone rolling you back to the car ! i 've been to carolina 's and it tastes good , but seems like their meat doesn 't get the red or green put on until you order . this is a must try place , they now take plastic , outdoor picnic benches , but that hasn 't kept us away for last 20 years !
1	last night / 4 / 8 / 2011 we went to ajo al 's and had a great time and meal . thanks go to isreal our waiter who was always attentive , there , helpful and a good sense of humor . we will return .
1	the food is great ! ! the service was very good . you have to try their chips , they are out of this world . homemade , corn and flour chips freshly deep fried .. yum !
1	there seemed to be only 1 employee there and he didn 't seem like manager cause when i asked for his name he seemed nervous i asked for his name for this specific review , all thought taco bell was packed ! ! ! ! and he was clearly trying his hardest to speed stuff up it still took a bit of time , but i didn 't mind because he had such awesome customer service josh is an amazing employee
1	the food the wait staff everything is delightful . my favorite part is the atmosphere . the restaurant is spectacular ! they never forget you either ! ! ! !
1	no more than 10 minutes after sharing our unfortunate and clearly uncommon experience , we received a call from the head of food and beverage extending their sincerest apologies . everyone can make a mistake from time to time , but the great places make things right . in our case they made things right and then some . we 've never been taken care of so well as we were by the staff and management of prado . thank you for an even more memorable evening than we were expecting !
1	i 'm a fan because they meet my standards , offer vegetarian options that are substantial and delicious - i.e , they aren 't just limp vegetables on a taco shell . i go for the soyrizo tacos always or refried black beans . i kept trying to show a friend who was in town how yummy these are , but we seemed to miss them every time ! ingredients are fresh and flavorful . i haven 't had a bad experience yet , and it is all cheap and quick . it doesn 't get better than this for " fast " food tacos , plus it comes without the gastrointestinal disruptions later on , if you follow .
1	this is a must visit place . creative toppings and dogs ! ! !
1	grilled chicken breast on a bed of cabbage topped with avocado . thanks rubios
1	we will definitely recommend casa don juan , summerlin to friends . we 'll be back !
1	ceviche and spicy tacos were great . clean place and good service . heads up : marisa 's burrito sauce is cream-based and definitely a very " creative " interpretation of mexican food .
1	also , my wife loves their quesadillas ( better than most places )
1	the layout is odd - there are several stations , each serving a couple types of tacos . you get your tacos and then go to the counter to pay . the line to pay russ right in front of the soda fountain , so it 's very chaotic . but damon ! these are good tacos ! cheap as well . $ 2.25 to 2.40 a taco . awesome place to get something to eat after an evening on the strip .
1	we had seven or eight taste treats ( most recommended by the waiter , who was really great . two standouts , bacon wrapped dates , and the white anchovies , oh and the spicy shrimp too . everything was superb . not only was it a great tasting with an attentive wait staff but very painless when the check came . i highly recommend firefly .
1	a childhood favorite , the food is is a little expensive but the atmosphere , the quality of the food , and the friendly service i enjoy .
1	great service , wonderful food and a vast wine selection .
1	i hope this place never goes out of business .
1	i love this place always and forever . jesus and jerry were great tonight . had my favorite huevos con chorizo . the guac is very fresh and atmosphere is fun and friendly . free chips and beans .
1	so glad we did ! we were impressed by the service and class this small mom and pop restaurant offered . sangria is delicious ... way way better than most places . lasagna is delicious and enough for 2 ! heard there are many business in the area order take out out from here regularly .
1	fresh toppings choices and in my opinion , the best carnitas burrito around . i 'm often in this area visiting customers so i frequent this location a lot . the smothered burrito , i had once , and it 's quite the experience , like a mexian calzone i guess . otherwise , the regular burrito with chicken or chorizo meat is also good . i trust the shrimp would be good too . the side order of guacamole and chips , washed down with an ice cold beer is never a bad thing .
1	for the first time in years i got a bucket of chicken with everything it was supposed to have . other kfcs ( in champaign and urbana ) cheat . for instance , you get 5 thighs and 3 breasts instead of four each . you also are usually shorted another piece . this place does it right . i got my money 's worth . it is the only kfc i will go to in the area . a smile and the right count of chicken goes a long way with me and it will you , too . go here . you 'll be satisfied .
1	he said it was authentic latin american cuisine . he should know , he 's from uruguay . i had a pleasant meal . i 'll be back again soon .
1	this is our 3rd time coming and we are always pleased with the food and service . i love the channa masala and gulpi here , and i 'm a meat lover , so these veggie dishes are very satisfying . i have tried masala closer to me in mesa and i have yet to find anything better . worth the trip to phoenix . it 's close to the airport so if you 're visiting and have had your fill of mexican food , stop in and delight your taste buds .
1	this hidden gem has everything that you are looking for : gatorade , chex mix , recreational things college kids do but are frowned upon things , and tacos . seriously everything . the staff is always friendly and love getting to know everyone . just don 't go alone , it 's kind of scary .
1	the space is modern and minimal which reminds me a lot of the eateries i like at home . i always order the breakfast burrito with oxaca cheese and sweet potatoes .
1	ended up finding a tequila bar called blanco that had sweet happy hour deals so we decided to go in to have margaritas . our server was jordyn , totally made the whole experience worth the stop . highly recommended ... they were super cool !
1	i was invited in on one of their lunches one saturday and have been hooked since . everyone is always very friendly and the food is always delicious . keep it up !
1	it was pricey , but the atmosphere and quality made it worth it . among the three of us , we probably ordered all of the seafood that was on the menu , and we shared all of it . i think javier 's served some of the best scallops i 've ever had . also , the wall art was pretty amazing .
1	we decided to drive around downtown and found this gem . the service was prompt and courteous . i had some margaritas that were great and possibly the best green chilaquiles i 've had at a restaurant . the restaurant had a very authentic appeal and for a moment i forgot i was in las vegas . i would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good authentic meal . also , i was given a heads up that the seafood wasn 't the best of choices so if you try it and it 's good let me know . haha .
1	chinese / mexican sounded kinda gross to me , but gave it a shot . i 'm so glad i did . it 's the best food ! i love the jerk fried rice with the korean barbecue black beans . i get the emerald chicken in a burrito and the red jade chicken in the quesadilla . bomb ! you also get a snicker doodle cookie with your meal . delicious !
1	we went on a wednesday which meant for a very empty restaurant but the food here was incredible . i 've been to several mexican restaurants in town including all of the michoacan restaurants and sabor impressed me the most . from the unique chips and salsa to start the meal and the guacamole - everything tasted great . i ordered the crab enchiladas which didn 't look like the typical enchiladas but this was easily within my top 3 best mexican dishes i 've ever eaten . i also have to give a shout out to jorge who waited on our table . very friendly and personable and made our meal enjoyable .
1	hubby and i both liked what we had for lunch and plan to have their breakfast sometime soon !
1	this joint is the real deal , and i feel like i 'm back in tijuana when i dine there .
1	me being the taco enthusiast that i am , i had to give maize mexican grille a try ! i had the steak tacos " of course , " horchata , guacamole and pico de gallo . all i can say is delicioso and muchas gracias ! !
1	otherwise , enjoy the guacamole . even if you don 't want guacamole , order it . it could change your life .
1	this place was great . he had a burrito and i had the steak nachos . i 'll come back on my next trip to vegas .
1	first off the rosarito hot dog my co-worker ordered looked great and he said it was amazing ( he ended up getting another after the first ) i ordered the carne burro and a pastor taco .... delicious ! ! ! ! the carne on the burro was fresh and tender , and the pico and crumbled cheese made for a simple delicious burro . the people giving somewhat lower reviews are entitled to their opinion but i personally would have to strongly disagree . keep up the good work ! ! we will be going back !
1	lunch was great with big proportions and fast delivery !
1	we saw good reviews about this place and decided to give it a try . it were so good ! among the best i 've ever had . i had a breakfast burrito and was really excited they served breakfast burritos all day ! my coworker had the shredded beef , which was equally delicious . service was great and restaurant was clean . would return again .
1	very authentic , hole in the wall mexican restaurant like i 'm used to in az . the owners are there everyday along with one server , so it 's very intimate , and i 've always experienced great and decently fast service . the pork chili verde is to die for and i 'm a huge fan of their nachos .. not your normal mountain of chips with ingredients tossed on top . taco salad is marginal - but what was i doing trying to order a salad here anyway ? ? burritos are good and a perfect size ; not too big that i usually run into . i 'm going back asap for the sopapillas !
1	we could smell the food and were hungry . i had the yinzer and my co-worker had the tex-mex . we were both in agreement . they were fantastic ! ! i hope you come back to 400 n. lexington ave. in point breeze soon ! ! ! thanks ! ! ! !
1	the patio is gorgeous and the food is so fresh and tasty ! my boyfriend and i split the chorizo cheese dip and steak fajita quesadilla and were quite satisfied ! the portions are huge so come hungry and take a doggy bag home if you don 't finish ! !
1	i have been back numerous times since that first time back in the spring and it 's never a disappointment . the avocado with quinoa and shredded chicken ( and topped with that awesome sauce ! ) is my favorite , along with the fried yucca and their herbal limeade . so many options that leave you feeling full but guilt-free .
1	between us we ordered , the roasted beets and persimmon salad , firefly fries , albongigas and chicago beef bocadillos and either of us had a complaint and enjoyed every bite . we are moving to vegas and this is the first comeback spot we have found . cheers !
1	we had the mexican spicy cafe , shrimp ceviche ... the best we ever had ! ! the breakfast arepa , maple bacon , brussel sprouts & tomato bisque ... everything ... each & every bite was freaking delicious ! ! ! we even took 2 coffees to go ... our total bill was $ 63 ! ! ! we 'll be back tomorrow morning ! support local businesses first ! ! !
1	i got the breakfast burrito . all ingredients were cooked to order , not scooped out of a precooked container , and it was excellent . fast , friendly and priced right . will eat here again .
1	my friend and i shared the mushroom enchiladas and paella , so we could get a taste of each . i was nervous about the seafood in the paella not being fresh , but i was wrong . it tasted great , not fishy at all . the mushroom enchiladas were good , nothing special but still quite tasty . the service was nice , too . for a college kid , yeah this is a bit pricey , but go here on a date , for a special occasion , or with your parentals ! loved it .
1	actually i haven 't visited yet , but packed parking lot this saturday afternoon means i 'll return soon !
1	i love it there ! great food and friendly customer service .
1	the chicken was nicely seasoned and juicy with plenty of lettuce and pico . definitely get salsa and top it off , the salsa is zesty with a little spice - delicious ! the rice is a bit overdone but add salt and again , salsa .
1	quick / cheap / efficient / tasty . love this place . 24 / 7 . easy parking . favorite ! !
1	we ordered the valenciana paellas & the grilled lamb chops . both of them were flavorful & exquisite . service was very good as well . will definitely return for another visit whenever in vegas .
1	being raised with traditional mexican food all my life , after moving out i miss my moms cooking and this place is my favorite mexican restaurant to go to when im craving it ! love love the sunday breakfast buffet , it 's so much variety with food and dessert . staff is wonderful and the environment is welcoming .
1	the service is quick and friendly . i had the enchiladas and they were full of flavour and the portion sizes are large . my boyfriend had the big sur fish tacos and he was quite pleased . all in all , very authentic food along with great service . i will be making this my regular spot .
1	best corn bread i 've ever had its like a bread pudding . stuffed pork and ahi shrimp kebabs were both unique flavored . empanadas were also a delicious appetizer . it was well worth the 30 minute drive to get here from scottsdale . the only regret was that we were both too full to order desert . ps this review is stone cold sober but it looked like they had many amazing drinks if that 's your thing .
1	he deftly handled our complex order of nachos with guac on the side ( which were awesome , btw ) , but also never failed to be there when i needed another shot , which was often as it was happy hour and some lucky gal had spun the magic wheel and granted everyone $ 5 patron shots . 5 times i requested shots , and 5 times adam delivered . truly a gentleman server .
1	easily the best mexican food we have ever had ( and we have eaten a lot all over the us ) , and probably one of the best meals i 've eaten ever . we ate lengua ( beef tongue ) tacos and cheese enchiladas and guacamole ... i don 't even know what the flavorings were , but everything melted in the mouth . just superb . cannot recommend this place enough , and we will be back if we come through madison again . food came out in less than 10 minutes , so that 's also a plus . very friendly folks .
1	stopped in last night and was delighted . we decided to just share a bunch of stuff . we had guacamole and chips , steak tacos , pork tacos , bacon torta , goat tacos , roasted turnips , mexican style rice , and roasted beets . the guacamole was fresh and filled with citrus overtones . very tasty . the roasted beets and turnips were all locally sourced . they were a mix of sweet and tart . never really had anything like it . darn good . the prices were reasonable and the service was top notch . i would highly recommend a stop at otro cafe . i will be returning shortly and bringing some friends .
1	they also got the order wrote and gave us a free baba freeze ! amazing customer service
1	excellent . next time i would even order them without eggs .
1	they were pretty flippin ' good ! the tortillas were deliciously soft , the chicken was tender , and the basic stuff they put on it ( onion , cilantro ) were perfect . that is all .
1	best place ever , and only mexican walk in i will get seafood and not be scared . quality food and you get more than what you pay for
1	hot hot hot ! third time and loving the food . service was great and left with a full tummy of yummy spicy food .
1	shrimp cocktail . the watermelon agua fresca is delcious and refreshing .
1	addicted to the black bean soup , thats all i have to say !
1	the food is authentic ! the staff is helpful and gave out free shots on cinco de mayo oh and a free sombrero ! ! love this place ! it 's in container park too so it 's a great hip atmosphere !
1	i may or may not have eaten here two days in a row . i recommend the gorditas ! everything about the food screams authentic .
1	ask the owner / manager ( last i saw he shaved his head bald and had a beard ) for recommended combos-- pretty sure he recommended a chorizo and cabeza taco and it was fantastic . fish tacos are top notch . must drink the horchata . it get scooped out of a giant bucket , which is weird , but it is to die for . i live a solid 21 hours away from this place-- it 's definitely on my agenda whenever i come to phoenix !
1	my husband loves the carne asada ( i 'm not a fan of carne asada , but this is pretty good nonetheless ) , but let me tell you , the pork is fantastic ! i get the pork taco 's , burrito , whatever form i can get ! it 's very casual , inexpensive , and the staff is great ! parking is a wee bit of a pain , because arcadia farms is in the hood and they hog the street parking , but it 's worth a short walk to eat here ...
1	so , so tasty . also don 't miss the spanish tortilla ( eggs , potatoes , carmelized onion ) and the albondigas .
1	you must visit in vegas ! very clean , great people working here , active on yelp . a +
1	since then , i have mostly been disappointed by mexican restaurants , most of which are mediocre . however , i can truthfully say that casa maria stands out as the best mexican restaurant i 've been to in years . i got the carne asada , elote preparada and horchata- all of which were delicious . the place was clean and the service unbeatable . highly recommended !
1	this restaurant is located inside of sam 's town . i like the food and service here . i would also be willing to say , that it 's one of my favorite mexican food restaurants in vegas . certainly , if you are visiting or staying at or near this property , you should give w & j 's a shot . it 's good for a dependably filling , tasty meal at a very reasonable off the strip price .
1	don 't be fooled by the exterior , the food is an excellent a + ! my # 1 choice is definitely the carne asada fries . large selection in menu and great pricing . a must to check out .
1	very authentic ( having visited mexico city recently ) , very tasty food , amazing margaritas and friendly service . my fav mexican restaurant in toronto by far .
1	or as my eleven year old put it : # inside # outside # vegas # italy nortena dish was great !
1	great spot once again . had 2 carnitas tacos , and 2 pastor tacos . those were the highlight . also had the quesadilla de maiz again de carne asada ( wish it didn 't have lettuce ) . and a chicken burrito . the pork is insane . kinda rough inside , but great food .
1	great place . people and are very inviting . food is home cooked and fresh . job well done . keep it up .
1	great prices , generous portions and awesome lunch packs served with love . a true sense of warmth when you walk in to this family run business .
1	order something to go as seating is limited to about 12 persons inside . enjoy !
1	a diamond in the ruff exposing this seemingly rough side of town to a delectable latin flavor .
1	a # 9 & # 5 are my recommendations . also the fruit juices are freaking awesome . i love the passion fruit . definitely a staple when in vegas !
1	food was decent and service was not too bad . i had chicken fajitas and a margarita - let 's just say you cannot go wrong with a mad mex marg . love love love .
1	you can just feel the fiery latin energy and soulfulness moving throughout the entire restaurant . the menu is creative and sophisticated but not pretentious , and it 's full of indulgent and downright delicious offerings from all different latin american countries . thank you to oscar for being a vibrant and wonderful host during our first time at chica . i 'm so thrilled to return to the best latin restaurant on the strip over and over again !
1	you are able to order off both menus giving a nice vareity of mexican and bbq dishes to choose from . i tried their triple combination plate coming with tri tip , sausage , and chicken also included is a side of slaw , beans and garlic buttered toast . personal recommendation on the chicken as it was perfectly cooked and moist . tri tip came in second which came out nice and tender . sausage was at the bottom of the list as it was a little dry but the rest of the meal more than made up for it . overall very satisfied with my experience here and would recommend checking the place out if you have not already .
1	the parrillada morazan was a feast of deliciously flavored grilled meats . loved it .
1	it 's what i do and all i eat ; ) although the rolled chicken tacos are also scrumptious ! so many locations it 's def a good filling meal ! and to top it off 24 / 7 just about anywhere in the valley ! my favorite mexican fast food shop all the way !
1	this taco joint is a must if you 're in vegas !
1	a vegas trip isn 't complete unless i stop here . if you tip , they often give you more meat . : ) adobada fries
1	adobada super nachos were awesome. they use real tortilla chips. the red hot sauce has a nice chipotle , smokey flavor to them. make sure you dont come too hungry cause there can be a wait if there 's a lot of people. great mom & pop restaurant .
1	its so good , i 'm glad i don 't live near one ! ! i 'm sad that i don 't ! ! ! if you 're in vegas , you have to try this place out ! your tummy will thank you !
1	and - what - adobada fries are a thing , prepared the same way with the pork and salsa and onions on a bed of fried potato goodness . now decisions , decisions ... either way you won 't go wrong with either .
1	soooo good ! no visit to vegas is complete without a visit or two to this wonderful establishment . the food here is good any time of the day - breakfast , lunch , dinner , late night snack . you order at each station ( they all specialize in one / two types of meat ) . you get your food and pay at the cashier . the first time we went , it was empty and we were confused so the nice ladies walked us through the entire process very patiently . i will always make sure to make a visit here every time i visit vegas . this place is that good !
1	one of the best sandwiches in the country ! ! !
1	wonderful place , frank is very friendly and makes you feel at home . even the fresh made chips and salsa were excellent ! ! make time to go to this place .
1	they make everything fresh in front of you . kind of a hole in the wall off of the strip but well worth the trip .
1	he will gladly make some things to order - for example i love chicken piccata , but wanted a salmon piccata . done and delicious ! not to mention great desserts like tres leches and a homemade sangria ! not to be missed in bloomfield !
1	great flavor . they came out and personally explained the menu , chili ( spicyness ) , my vegetarian options . thank you for the personal service !
1	my favorite restaurant in maui is now here in scottsdale ! it 's healthy . it 's fresh . it 's fun with an inviting atmoshere ! walking in , you instantly feel like you are on vacation . walking out , you feel relaxed and not guilty since the food is fresh and healthy . they are known for their fish tacos . quite truthfully , they are the best ! however , my favorite is the ono fishburger . the seafood chowder is also to die for ! thank you for bringing coconuts to arizona ! ! ! i 'm one happy girl !
1	i 've been working in mesa , near this restaurant , for nearly 20 years and only recently dicovered it . family owned and operated with amazing food . authentic mexican . the owners are super friendly and really appreciate their customers . they also put a lot of pride in their food . if you are going through mesa or live nearby and have not tried them , i highly recommend them . i especially like their breakfast plates . the machaca and eggs are great !
1	score ! good food , clean facility , good service , and lots of choices on the menu . we eat here a couple times a month and have never been disappointed . love the carne asada plate and the tortas . yumm .
1	boy , were we glad we went ! everything we tried was delicious . fresh , flavorful takes on tapas perfect for sharing . service was amazing as was the atmosphere . will definitely return here and recommend to others !
1	food was delicious , margarita were made very well , i will come back next time i am in town .
1	i sat at the bar and was served by chloe , who was lovely . it wasn 't very crowded ( on a wednesday evening in early january ) so i was alone at the bar though most of the tables were filled . i ordered a virgin bloody caesar that was great , and then proceeded to enjoy three tapas plates . ceviche , octopus , and mixed mushrooms . each was excellent , though the ceviche and the mushrooms were best . i am a huge fan of octopus , and while this was very good , it wasn 't as good as the others . the atmosphere was warm and inviting , and the food delicious . what more does one need ? outstanding .
1	we were originally looking to eating somewhere at west gate but with the crowd we changed our mind and found beach club cantina . the food was amazing ! by far the best chimis we have ever had and the salsa was delicious . with the live music ( we visited on a saturday night ) the wonderful staff ( and very friendly and personable owner ) and the great fresh food , you can 't go wrong . it is a must try . just look for it right next to the theater , you won 't be disappointed !
1	i even had them cater my wedding ! ! cant wait till they open the new place on 43rd and thomas ! !
1	plus 32 oz. beers for 5.95 ? bring on the hot sauce ! ! !
1	i get a plain steak with tomato , lettuce , and mayo . and of course fries - gotta put the malt on top too . it 's very much a dive , but that 's what makes it great . the history , the people . when it 's busy be patient , it 's well worth it . cash only .
1	we frequent the one at 16th and camelback rd . we might miss the ambience of the original spots but appreciate the location as well as their great food and service . the portrait of america keeps watch of the crew at this location . our large family always feel welcome--thank you guys ! : - )
1	we 've come here for 16 years and still love it . we love the water pitchers on the table , the chips , dip and usually quick service .
1	this place is very well decorated and always playing good hispanic music . we come all the way from orange county california just to eat some delicious pozole , which they serve every single day , something we don 't get in socal . worth every penny ! try the birria and the enchiladas too !
1	they are polite , courteous & fun . it is very busy there because of the excellent cuisine & atmosphere . the lines can be a little long but it is worth the wait .
1	the service amazing . the food is to die for .... best burritos ! ! we 100 % agree this is the best mexican restaurant in toronto . the price is also very reasonable and you leave the restaurant satisfied . sandra and her husband ( the chef ) are very nice .
1	mariachi 's is the real deal when it comes to mexican food -- not to slander any of the tens of mexican-hipster joints popping up all of the city , but they ain 't got nothin ' on these authentic mexican flavours ! highly recommend their guac + chips , fajitas , tacos , and burritos ... but i would imagine all the food to be great ! also try their palomas -- awesome cocktail with grapefruit juice and tequila ! expert tip : sit in the rear patio which is absolutely beautiful and tucked away from the business of yonge street !
1	the food is great . service with a smile . john , beverly , aaron & crew , thank you for making a great place for lunch .
1	i would recommend their pulled pork taco or their beef nachos . definitely worth the price . the guy that works the truck is super cool too !
1	amazing food , prices and service . one of the best things to happen to st-henri in the 10 + years i 've lived here . every single thing i 've tried on the menu is great . please support this place so i can eat there for years to come
1	i love their make-your-own omlettes . spinach , mushroom , and tomato is my favorite . their mexican food is better than most mexican restaurants and their deserts are dangerous at 3am !
1	ben personally talked to each of his customers . greeted me with a handshake . great guy . first timers received a drink on the house ... and it was absolutely delicious . he also added beans and rice along with my order for free to see if i would like them for my next visit . well , rest assured , the food was absolutely amazing . i had 3 mini tacos and devoured them so fast . one of the best tacos i 've ever had in vegas . since this is in close proximity to where i live , this will probably end up being my go to spot for tacos . love this place .
1	one of the best meals ever . there are ample gluten free options . family owned with real brazilian connections . the staff is super informative as well as friendly . this place rates 6 stars !
1	very flavorful food without too much spice ! everything is homemade . the chicken soup is the best i 've ever had , anywhere ! fresh made margaritas ... no mix . service was perfect too ! i 'll be back - often !
1	the flavor is amazing . very friendly staff and reasonable prices .
1	great owner behind the bar . i highly recommend ! thanks dan for a fun unexpected lunch at your place . we will definitely stop in again if we are in the area !
1	the menu offerings are vast and all made with pride as well ample in size . the staff is friendly and lend to an overall great experience .
1	the flavors in the tacos were authentic . the fajitas were very flavorful . very kid friendly in that they would take any dish and simplify it for a child 's tastes .
1	if you like chipotle , you are going to love it here . beware of the habanero salsa , it sneaks up on you !
1	the owner seems super passionate and makes amazing tacos ! strongly suggest the beef and chorizo tacos ! can 't wait for the full opening !
1	the table-side guacamole is amazing , as well as many of the entrees with their varying sauces ( i love sauces ) . very traditional and authentic , negra modelo and some pollo zirahuen and i 'm happy ! carlos the server is fantastic , we ask for him every time , a great guy !
1	the house made chorizo is my favorite protein for the tacos and the green goddess shell is a must try as well . while the combinations of tacos is endless the only thing i 'd advise going is it to know that the menu is pretty much solely tacos . it is super casual but very good ! ! ! think of it almost like a food truck based in a restaurant with a full bar .
1	the combos give more than enough to eat , so i almost always have some to take home . also very affordable . yelp says the restaurant is closed on sundays , but it is open .
1	great food , good service and atmosphere . love the outdoor courtyard the atrium and upstairs dining with an awesome view . what more can you ask for !
1	best burritos downtown , no question . send visitors here all the time and they always love it .
1	nothing to complain about ! awesome atmosphere stellar service fabulous food
1	probably the one restaurant that i 've been to the most in the 10 years i 've been here in phoenix . love the mexican short stack .
1	wonderful food , wonderful service , great atmosphere . i try to go every weekend if i am lucky . try the agave syrup margarita . i am in love . my saturday afternoon place . i wish they would remember me though . jeepers we come often enough ! : - )
1	the best burritos you will ever have ! very fresh and made just how you want them . we have been customers for several years and we love it ! we get our food to go most times . as very small place . waitresses are super nice !
1	great food and great service ! great happy hour and margaritas
1	you must try the filet mignon sliders ! ok , i 'm going to have to finish this review later because i just made myself hungry
1	the food is excellent , service outstanding and a great happy hour . one of our favorite places to enjoy sunday brunch . $ 2 mimosas and bloody mary 's all day on sunday .
1	simple place , small but fast ! call ahead , especially during their busy hours !
1	right next to my office and has quickly become a favorite . i get the machaca ( shredded ) beef burritos or tacos , and it is always so hot i have to wait a few minutes to eat it . a + headed there now !
1	soooo glad i did ! the service was amazing ... joaquin was our bartender and server . he was so knowledge and provided us great service and great drinks ! the food was very good as well . we had a few appetizers and the paella .. everything was on point ! i would definitely come back !
1	the taco salad and veggie burgers are great and city square classic looked amazing as well .
1	the chips were as good as any we have had , and add the toppings ! ! ! ! glad we found this place . staff was friendly and attentive . we will definitely be back .
1	that 's what i call great customer service ! you turn my frown upside down thank you !
1	i looked over and notice a huge group of people waiting to eat here ... now i know why ... the $ 1.00 tacos are where it 's at ! carne asada fries are ok , probably wouldn 't get them again . the two guys working today were very friendly . will definitely be back again !
1	the employees go above and beyond every time we 've been there ! there are specials through out the week . we go at least once a week ! i recommend the bangin chicken tostadas and the burrito special on thursdays ! the hot sauce bar is awesome too with chips ! !
1	no frills . exactly what i wanted when i ordered the enchiladas with salsa verde . if you get it to go , you don 't get the chips and salsa .
1	i love their beans so i always get a bean tostada . i love their $ 3 menu too so i have to choose from that too . i 'm a fan !
1	walking distance from my work i 'm in love with this place . the staff is so friendly too .
1	nothing fancy , friendly staff . i 've been taking my wife here and having business lunches here for 15 years . never disappointed with the food . try the lunch fajitas . i like the variety of veggies rather than just the regular peppers and onions .
1	delicious hot foods like taquitos , pizza , hot dogs are awesome in addition to the huge selection of drinks and snacks .
1	they don 't take reservations on weekends and we stopped in at around 5p for an early dinner and were seated right away . the fries , tuna tartar , and empanadas were a few of my faves . it 's well worth the visit off the strip !
1	great food and service . simply perfect especially for a quick meal and drink when on the road .
1	i had the al pastor tacos , which i highly recommend .
1	what more could you ask for ? it 's not too fancy , for the fact that it 's in the midst of the las vegas strip . looks more like spot you 'd find in a rural area driving along a long highway . that 's what adds to the " back home " charm of this place . the tacos i had here are the top 1 or 2 tacos that i 've ever had in my life !
1	viva zapata 's is just that . a great atmosphere and even better food , viva zapata 's has become my go-to restaurant for lunch and dinner . the customer service is head and shoulders above any other restaurant in the area . the front desk staff , the wait staff , and the bus staff were all extremely friendly and helpful . the food is prepared quickly and i am always able to get in and out for lunch in less than 45 minutes . when i have a big group the staff always accommodates us and we always leave satisfied . i will continue to support this wonderful business and i will always recommend it to my friends !
1	the food tastes great and there is plenty of seating ! convenient location too , plus a nice focus on only tacos . the most authentic mexican food i 've ever had !
1	i went here with my friend and got a chicken burrito and mexican jarritos apple soda with it . also if you are brave you need to use habanaro sauce it is delicious and spikes things up . this place uses fresh ingredients and will be less than $ 12 . i will return !
1	yummy . authentic . love this place . if you tip give to them , not in the box . owner keeps tips from the box .
1	great place to go if you have a hell of an appetite as the servings are plentiful . sides of rice and beans giant burrito and the beverages are great !
1	they use mexican cheese instead of jack or mozarella which gives their quesadilla and beans with cheese a delicious , authentic flavor . had some chorizo tacos and the meat was stellar . nice spice and the corn tortillas were cooked to perfection . highly recommend this place . if you 're used to eating at roberto 's you will find this place is leagues better and with lower prices to boot .
1	the food is freshly made and has always had nice presentation . everything has been very good , but the tacos are , wow ! oh and the staff is super-friendly and highly competent . this place is great , such a find .
1	good for vegetarians too . their tacos and burritos are my favorite , they also have delicious tortas . completely authentic food and they also have jarritos to complement the delicious food .
1	i love the view and the service has always been wonderful . the food is good . i think the food is very good and honestly i 've had better mexican food but they get 5 stars bc they are wonderful for large parties as well as a cozy environment for a simple date night . you can 't go wrong suggesting this for dinner ! i love good service !
1	hands down the best burritos i have ever eaten , especially for this town . owner is extremely friendly and always makes sure we are enjoying our food . very affordable , with a $ 4.99 special every day , and $ 0.99 taco tuesday . i recommend the cali chicken curry burrito , amazing ! this place puts moe 's and chipotle to shame , they don 't even hold a candle to one of these burritos . i honestly don 't know if i 'll ever be able to eat another burrito from one of those chains again because it just won 't compare and it 'll be more expensive .
1	the pork was perfectly cooked and tender , the beans were flavorful , and the eggs and potatoes were delicious . the amount of food was too much for me , so i was happy to have leftovers for dinner . the price is worth it , since it 's basically 2 meals in 1 . can 't wait to go back !
1	boy did we hit the gold mine ! the food was excellent and the drinks from the horchata to the lemonade were equally as great ! the restaurant was very clean and the staff extremely friendly . the prices were reasonable for the large portions . i wish they were open later than 3 , but for making everything fresh every day , it 's definitely understood as to why . i will absolutely return to this place very very soon , and would greatly suggest this place to any friends and family !
1	he was so friendly and offered so many different suggestions
1	we showed up at the time it opened and was greeted by a nice waitor right away , he was nice and friendly , also brought us chips and two kinds of salsa , one was like a picadillo which was very tasty . i ordered a combination plate that had a chicken crispy taco , cheese enchilada with green saue , chile relieno , rice & beans and oh my it was good . i was very pleased and so was my friend who had a chicken quesadilla and taco . i love where its located within a cute neighborhood and how its family owned . i will recommend this place to everybody .
1	it was happy hour ( 3-6 ) . we were seated immediately . we had the guacamole and the 1.99 daily taco to start . very good . i also had the fish taco and the lamb taco . delicious . the venue in the old church is so charming . the stain glass is beautiful . service was very good . pricing was moderate but the food was worth every $ $ . i plan to go again and bring more friends .
1	i will definitely go again ; the sandwich was on thick sour dough bread and they were very generous with the meat portions . fantastic argentinian food ! ! !
1	their sangrias ( on happy hour , by the way ) remind me of barcelona . the lettuce wraps are to die for ! they are a bit sweeter than one would expect , but delicious none-the-less . will be coming back here !
1	we 'd heard some great reviews . well , the great reviews are well-founded ... this place is awesome ! very clean & inviting , with a friendly staff and fast service . the food we had was outstanding . we 'll be making this a regular stop !
1	we were very pleased with the choices on the menu . i had the seafood platter . my friend enjoyed a green chile burrito , enchilada style . excellent choices . we had too much food after enjoying the $ 5 happy hour margaritas and the excellent chips and salsa . that 's ok ... i love to have the leftovers for lunch the next day . hats off to aaron the manager . he took great care to give us a great experience along with our meal .
1	again , i felt like i was in the strip ! they were cookin ' tamales and tacos outside ! and they smelled soooo good . we almost cancelled our plans . we also stopped in , said hello the second time around , and found that they are nice , appreciative folks . get to know them .
1	the atmosphere is really cute , nicely decorated and made me feel like i was back in maui . i had two grilled fish tacos that were very different with fresh mango chopped on top . they were delicious ! my friend had the tuna poke bowl and she really enjoyed her food as well . i 'll definitely go back and take my husband and friends . good job coconut 's fish cafe ! after moving here from south florida years ago and not finding any good seafood , however , the fish tasted fresh and solid white ono i believe it was . please check out coconut 's and you 'll be glad you did !
1	our server made sure to get our food promptly and our checks ! the " pink tacos " were so delicious ! ! !
1	when we first got there , all the seating was taken except a small table by the door and it became obvious there was only one waitress / server . we almost walked out thinking service would be lousy . i 'm glad we didn 't . our waitress was with us in just a few minutes and took our orders . the food came out very quickly and we were delighted with the service . the food was absolutely delightful , and we really enjoyed the selection of salsas . i would highly recommend this place if you 're looking for something new and unique . and we learned later , that a member of the waitstaff and walk out earlier that day .
1	i went at an odd time of the day so the service was great . i tried 3 different tacos and all three were delicious ! ! ! i went to the salsa bar & got a few things to try but the tacos were so well made & seasoned the salsa went to waste . my boyfriend tried it & loved it so we ate it three days in a row . i will stop at other rubios in the future with a comforting feeling when i 'm in other cities & hungry .
1	it was perfect . good mezcal . amazing tacos . and really nice staff . if you 're in edinburgh and you want some mexican , this is the place to come .
1	it was absolutely phenomenal , and my best restaurant experience of 2015 so far . we ate at the upstairs bar , but the server was so gracious , passionate and knowledgeable . everything on the menu sounded wonderful , but i chose the stuffed squash blossom for my brunch . blow me away ! it was beautiful and unlike any dish i 've experienced before lola 's . my friend had a cobb salad which also looked great , but the squash was off the charts good . i want to return for many more culinary delights here . but what a great first experience .
1	the al pastor tacos are some of the best i have had . i have tried the al pastor , asada , carnitas , chicharron and pollo and all are very good . great little mexican restaurant that is making authentic and tasty food .
1	we just had tacos between us . you can get one for $ 3 or 3 of one for $ 15 . we ended up order six different types and the kitchen prepared them one at a time which was welcomed as we thoroughly enjoyed sharing them one at a time . definitely recommend . be careful and keep the napkin handy as some of the tacos ( especially the hard tacos ) are runny and will require extra care . hmmmm so juicy also , this is mexican food. the next door restaurant is noco which is the italian and seem to be confused by the first reviewer of this restaurant .
1	i have been in love ever since . i can never decide what to get on the menu because i want to order at least 4 dishes . the torta 's are amazing ! i 've taken friends and family , creating more fans . never bad service of food . great drink menu . whether you are looking for happy hour to hang out or amazing meal , you can 't go wrong with ticoz .
1	i got a gordita and a chicken locos taco . both were delicious . my friend got 5 tacos ( he eats a lot ) all different kinds . his favorite was the pork authentico taco . the ingredients were very fresh and we 'll seasoned . a normal person would probably be satisfied with three tacos . the prices were very good for the quality of the food , especially for $ 1 tacos on taco tuesday ! i will definitely stop by here on my next trip through charlotte .
1	first time trying ceviche . also , their tortillas are made fresh . no grease . no drippings . will i return back ? yes .
1	we were hesitant at first , but decided to give it a try the same day . we really liked the food ! my husband now raves about the tacos and is always craving them . our favorite is the al pastor tacos , the vampiros , and the mexican street style corn is good too ! both times we visited , there was no wait , everyone was very friendly . it can be a little confusing at first , but everyone there is fast to explain the different stations . we both ate for under $ 20 , can 't complain . i recommend !
1	it doesn 't stand out like most restaurants so if you drive by it , you may miss it . it 's a nice mom and pop store . oh my yum ! the menudo and pozole are delicious . the portion is pretty big but if you really enjoy the soup , you can get the bottomless soup bowl . i also got the michelada here . they make it really well . you can tell that everything is made fresh . we had to wait a few extra minutes for our chips and salsa because they were making the chips !
1	being the taco freak i am i had to try it out . i was not disappointed at all . it was so freakin ' amazing ! the barbacoa is the best thing i 've had in my mouth in a long time . lol ! seriously though ! ! so , so good ! the carne asada was pretty amazing too . i rate it a 10 / 10 ! i like that the tacos come plain and they have a salsa bar so you can top the tacos with whatever toppings you want . i highly recommend this place .
1	we ordered a pitcher of sangria and it was absolutely amazing . then we followed that up with two plates per person and split them all . we could have easily tuned that down a bit but all the food was super delicious ! !
1	i got the # 7 , i think it was called the reina . you get full off one , & they are decent priced as well . i also tried one other item , it was like corn bread with cheese , also good ! i didn 't know what to expect but i was satisfied ! i didn 't catch his name but the guy working there was extremely friendly & valued the customers . clean restaurant . on my next trip back to vegas i will be going back !
1	the food was amazing , probably some of best tacos i have ever had . i got the carne asada tacos with everything on them , i am a bigger guy so i would suggest 3 to 4 tacos to really fill you up . get yourself a coke in a glass bottle and enjoy . highly recommend and suggest to anyone !
1	i had never had venezuelan food before and so didn 't know what to expect . the food was great , we all really enjoyed our meal . none of us had the arepera 's , so i can 't comment on those , but the platters were quite nice and the juices were good . the atmosphere is fairly comfortable and informal , and the server was friendly and happy to explain the food choices to us .
1	yes , it 's labeled puerto rican express but they make possibly the best cuban sandwiches in the valley ! they 're not close to my side of town , which is probably a good thing for my bank account , otherwise i 'd go broke spending all my money on their cuban sandwiches ... if you 're craving a good cuban sandwich , please go here !
1	i wasn 't overfond of their bean burrito , but their 6 pound burrito , served enchilada style ? -yum- and i 'm not even all that fond of green chille . as matt s. said , it 's literally a shack . but who cares ? they 've got really good burritos .
1	i 've never been to a tappas restaurant and i was so glad this place was my first . it has such a great atmosphere and a perfect place to have dinner & drinks with your girls . we actually went here after watching sex in the city with my friends and it was perfect ! ! the sangria is amazing , love all their dishes , and we tasted about 8-10 ... and their dessert , was off the hook ! we tried the chocolate tres leches and their chocholate w / banana dish , yummy ! if you 're ever in vegas , i highly recommend trying this place , you won 't regret it !
1	i thought she was crazy when she told me that i had to try the tabbouleh but boy was i wrong . it was amazing . they portion sizes and prices are great . i will definitely be back .
1	as a new yorker i have high expectations when it comes to food and i have to say i was pleased and would love to go back to barsa . the tapas were some of the best i 've had . we also tried just about every sangria they had on the menu . all of them were creative and delicious , my favorite being the rosé sangria . the decor was spectacular and authentic to the spanish concept without being cheesy . the service was excellent and the friendly waitresses made my visit even better .
1	what a wonderful surprise and discovery -- barrio urbano in phoenix . immediately from the brightly colored decor to the warm greeting from the staff , i knew this was going to be a good eating experience . i was not disappointed . we had a sample of tacos , chili verde and pork , al pastor , carne asada , chorizo and all of the meats were well-seasoned and tender . nothing special about the corn tortillas , but the fillings were up to par . definitely going to hit this spot when we are back in town .
1	this restaurant is amazing ! huge portions , fresh ingredients , super clean and a very friendly staff . the entire interior has a great beachy vibe that reminds you of maui ( where their original location is ) . we have been back many times ! ! i recommend the fish taco 's , my husband loved the " taco mountain " and my little toddler chowed down on the fish & brown rice !
1	we went in today and were greeted by the owner who was so nice and upbeat . i ordered fish taco plate which came with beans and rice . a lot of places i go to their beans and rice just don 't do it for me , but phranks beans and rice were really good . he also gave us all the salsas to try since he knew it was our first time , hot , medium , mild . when you tell me something is hot it should have kick to it and yes it did ! the fish tacos were great . great batter , nice crunch , delicious sauce , and just right amount of green cabbage and cilantro to compliment the fish .
1	what can i say about this mom and pop spot ? absolutely fantastic ! overall great service , and great food ! i ordered the carne asada plate and you can taste the home cooked meal . we definitely will come back for another meal . thanks tony 's cafe ! authentic mexican cuisine ! yummy !
1	the food was great and the service was fantastic ! ! !
1	as good or better than wilburs with great service and amazing tacos . best in to
1	the make everything by hand , everything you pick is put together right in front of you . tacos are to die for . you won 't be disappointed !
1	its open till 2am , so its perfect for a late dinner . as appetizers , i shared the chips and queso and guacamole . amazing . our tacos were served timely in a big plate , which made it easier to share also . our bartender karl , made some of the best margaritas we 've had . outstanding service by staff overall . the decoration is appealing . good background music also : )
1	all i can say is you must try this place ! ! ! met friends and we all had different items . loved them all ! ! ! salsa bar was great too .
1	sure , the hot spots , blue 32 , harvey 's , etc. are the obvious choices . but next time you 're faced with packed parking lots and lack of seating , give isabel 's a try . it 's delicious and we had a really good time .
1	i 'm not use to tapa places so i was reluctant to try but i was looking for someplace new to eat . my husband and i order a 2 different tacos , wings and the fierce shrimp . everything was excellent . we will be back to try some different dishes .
1	we 've been here about 5-6 times now and have had a great experience each time ! the food , service , and atmosphere is great . the decor is bright and cheerful just like the owner and staff ! excellent mexican food , good prices , good times , and good people . what more could you ask for ? ? ?
1	a friend recommend this place and we stop by to check it out , the food was great and the price was really good to be in vegas very nice portions , i ask for a cuban torta and it took me 3 days to finish it
1	foods were so good . prices were much more reasonable and portions were good . the atmosphere was good . it took long to prepare for foods , but it was worth of waiting .
1	i 'd say he 's right ! really enjoyed the flavors and the service and i 'll definitely be back !
1	i was not disappointed ! the margaritas are delicious - no sickly sweet mixer here ! an enormous bowl of chips and fresh hand made flour tortillas with flavored butter are the perfect starter for your meal . we both ordered the old town tacos - build your own tacos featuring grilled steak , chicken and shrimp with black beans , rice & fresh salsa . they were delicious . the meat was tender , the beans perfectly seasoned . my only complaint was that the misters could have been turned on sooner as it was 100 degrees , but we were sitting in the shade and weren 't over heated . a very pleasant experience with attentive service , perfect margaritas & delicious food .
1	let me just say they were amazing . by far the best tacos i have had here in phoenix . everyone should definitely come give it a try . happy 4th of july !
1	great chicken taco 's and love the bean dip !
1	one of the best tacos i have ever had and the braised pork sandwich , although small , was amazing .
1	i ordered the shrimp tacos with mango salsa . the shrimp were cooked just right and the salsa complemented them with just the right amount of sweet and sour . the rice and beans were among the best i 've had , just a little smoky , which was really tasty . the chips and salsa came with both red and green salsa . the green salsa was a sweet salsa , very tasty . the red salsa could have used a touch more salt , and i would have preferred a little more heat , but it tasted fresh and went well with my meal . i look forward to visiting again and sampling more menu items .
1	as a regular , however , this place easily has some the best food in the east valley . i have tried a number of things on the menu . my favorites include the coconut shrimp taco , mexican street cart taco , crunchy fish taco , salt and pepper wings , carne asada fries , and of course the nachos con queso blanco ( extra avocado . jalapeños on the side ) . they have taco tuesday specials . i 'm not a big fan of burritos or their enchiladas but i know what i like whenever i do come there . the service is also quick and great . although that might be because i 'm a regular .
1	shredded chicken , flash fried in a tortilla covered in jalapeño cream cheese with melted cheddar over top . they also have the best shredded beef taco on the planet , in my humble opinion . check out their happy hour , $ 3 cheese crisps and taco specials !
1	we 're crazy about the table side guacamole and crispy-cola ( pork belly ) appetizers . for dinner , the duck confit never fails to impress . their cocktails are delightful : try one of their custom mules or margaritas ! don 't miss this old town favorite !
1	this is such a great restaurant . it has a authentic mexican vibe throughout and is very comfortable . the staff is very friendly . the food is extremely flavorful and authentic . i will go back for sure .
1	after 1600 reviews and a 4 1 / 2 star average rating , i 'm not sure what else i can add ... all i have to say is , this place is legit .
1	after 20 years living in west mesa , we finally found delicious , authentic mexican food !
1	it 's not hard to find , but it is kind of hidde . most of the seating is outdoors . great service and prices . if you 're gonna try anything on the menu , get the empanadas .
1	... we found chuy 's restaurant on maryland ave. just south of sahara , we ordered chile rellenos , 4 burritos ( asada , pastor chicharon & a special ) , 2 quesadillas with meat , oh it was so good ! ! ! they came with chips , a red and green hot sauce which were amazing . at first i was hesitant to try them because of the spiciness but it was definitely worth it , they also had a hotter white sauce which became my favorite and i 've been craving everyday since ! ! ! excellent tasty creamy hot sauce . next time you are in vegas you must try this hidden gem in sin city ! ! !
1	family-owned is a plus ! yes , some of the food is going to be canned and yes , the food is going to be on the runny side . regardless , the food was amazing , next time i 'm in arizona i will stop in for a meal .
1	i had the pasta with poblano cream sauce , chicken , pine nuts and tomatoes . it was great . other folks in my party had the enchiladas , the buttermilk chicken , and some soup . everyone reported good things and our plates were taken away empty . i will definitely come here again .
1	i get the 1 / 4 chicken dinner -- once with tostones and once with plantains . awesome . the chicken is perfectly cooked and the tostones and plantains are nice and sweet . then there is the savory beans . never have enough room for the rice . haha . i 'm sure other stuff here must be good too -- but can 't resist the chicken !
1	too many so-called " celebrity chefs " think that since they graduated from some overseas cooking school , bought a couple of tattoos , and an attitude , their new cooking show will make them cooler than miles davis . bobby flay stands out from this crowd and he 's the real deal : after walking away from a fast-track wall street gig , he went back to his true calling and joy . and it shows at all his restaurants .
1	love the idea of late hours during the week .
1	i had the ahi tuna watermon tacos & the ramen . simply oh la la ! ! can 't add any more to what everyone else has said to this marvelous place except create a phone in waiting list , accept reservations , & when is a bigger location to be opening & another location in the ballantyne area .
1	if it 's a perfectly cooked rare steak that you seek , i highly recommend this amazing steakhouse . well worth the wait ! ! !
1	i ordered a sope with just beans , cheese , and avocado . it was simply delicious ! my friend ordered the chicken enchiladas which came with rice & beans & we both were happy that we came across this place . the staff was very friendly and the interior was mexican style ; super cute ! if i ever want authentic mexican , & i 'm in arizona for whatever reason , i 'll forsure stop here !
1	our seating needs looked doubtful at first , but the staff quickly scrambled to accommodate our party of six adults and 2 babies . the menu is full of everything you expect for mexican and more , mainly a large variety of specialty tacos . i mainly enjoyed local craft beers , guacamole , and tacos . great drinks , great food , great staff .
1	we had already gone to one of their sister restaurants , cento , on saturday night before the race , we wanted to visit another one of their restaurants . we were not disappointed . excellent service by bartender adria & a great description of why they have a huge barrel of casa noble tequila hanging from the ceiling . we each had a killer marg : mine was a jalapeño infused casa noble tequila . chips , salsa , guacamole rounded out our visit . another reason to love madison : eldorado !
1	secreto certainly lives up to it 's name and has to be one of ahwatukee 's best kept " secrets . " the atmosphere , service and most importantly , the food , were outstanding . my wife had a combination tamale dish while i had a pork dish , one of the best i have ever had . the portions and prices were very reasonable for what you could expect of a restaurant of this caliber . we especially enjoyed the atmosphere with the private booths with cushioned seating and pillows- a nice touch ! we certainly are looking forward to our next return visit to secreto !
1	i often find sangria too sweet , so it was really nice to find multiple options ; the dry red worked very well . my wife had the beef empanadas with pico de gallo and salad . the salad and pico were very fresh and nice , with a lovely dressing on the salad . the empanadas were very well filled with wonderfully seasoned beef , very tasty . my bison burger ( freshly ground ) was incredibly good with the avocado and pork belly . the patatas bravas were really good , and the house pickled veg ! service was good . over all , a really nice meal .
1	fortunately for me , it was happy hour . three tacos and a beer cost me just under $ 5.00 . i thought to myself , wow , am i really in vegas ? i had a shrimp , a fish and a chicken taco . all three were nicely done . i really enjoyed the chicken . it had a nice crispy consistency . very good . the staff was helpful and friendly and seemed genuinely happy that i was dining with them . stop by , it is worth a visit !
1	great food . ... big price for classic mexican but worth it ! one of my favorites is the carne asada quesadilla . the steak is marinated to perfection prior to cooking . served with guacamole and sour cream . next up is the camarones al mojo de ajo . beautiful sautéed jumbo prawns with garlic . muy delicioso ! ! ! !
1	i ordered the chorizo burrito with jalapeños cheese , potatoes and sour cream and man it was so good ! will definitely try again .
1	instead of the tempe location , we went to camelback and 20th location around 8pm on sunday . it was pleasant to still see fresh food being made and an energetic crew . the server was vibrant and clearly explained all of my options . the food was fresh and the tortillas were still warm . the final product look like a magazine example ; a complete 180 from the bottom of the pan meat i was served . keep up the good work !
1	the manager ( i believe his name was manuel and our server leticia ) as well as others greeted us and were very pleasant . our food came in a reasonable time , it presented well and they were very gracious in allowing my husband to substitute his rice and beans for a salad . they let us know their nightly special and worked well with us . i enjoyed their food as well as their service . my friend ordered some nachos that were a little lacking in chicken but she still stated that it was good and was pleased over all . thank you la cantina . good job ! thanks !
1	nice setting food came out great i got the steak / chicken fajitas with rice and beans .. waiter was cool too checked in frequently without being overbearing .. got to try out their spicy peppers on the side was a good experience .. would def come here again
1	this is anything but .. and i 've cravings for this delicious burrito time and time again . it 's perfect for one of those times where you 're like , " should i get korean or mexican ? .. " with komex you can have both !
1	we sat out on the patio and enjoyed the most amazing chips + salsa which many people have raved about on yelp . towards the end of the meal , manager nicole dropped by the table to ask how the meal was and we enjoyed talking with her . she was very knowledgable about the city and the restaurant which i was surprised to find has a sister cafe in my town ( st. louis ) . i thought the food was good but not amazing . but the chips , atmosphere , service and overall relaxing evening made this a 5-start experience . i 'll go back and try something different and i 'm sure it will be even better .
1	had 3 al pastor tacos and they were bomb ! ! they have different lines for the different meats , which is annoying , since i originally wanted 1 chorizo and 3 al pastor , but other than that , the food is delish and cheap ! 5 stars from me !
1	much of the seating is communal and makes for great conversation . the decor is fun festive and stimulating . the food was terrific . i highly recommend .
1	let me say ... it was everything i imagined and more . all of the flavor , none of the heat . how do they do it ? ! i was also able to try a fresh grapefruit saison that was bursting with ripe fruit flavor , but wasn 't sweetly artificial , but rather pulled out that authentic tart grapefruit taste . 5 stars , love these guys ! also 5 stars for people watching on the patio .
1	now we see what everyone was talking about ! the ordering was a little confusing but the cook explained everything to us and even let us sample a few meats . i ordered a couple tacos , rice , and corn ... and oh my it was delicious ! i meant to take a picture but it looked so yummy i totally forgot ! we will definitely be back !
1	amazing tacos , and very friendly service considering we were a big group with 2 babies . can 't wait to go back .
1	holy smokes do i wish i hadn 't waited ! it was phenomenal . i was nervous about the mix and match for the tacos but i don 't think you could make a bad taco there . i loved the feel and vibes from the variety of people working and eating there . just an overall positive experience !
1	this is by no means a luxury hotel , but for the price , it was fantastic . this was a room well worth $ 60-70 , with plenty of amenities and the staff was really nice . there was a $ 10 " resort fee " when we got there , but racked it up to what we would pay for wifi anywhere else . all in all , we spent about $ 30 and were thrilled , and stayed several hours later than we expected . if you are expecting a clean hotel , friendly staff , and no bells or whistles , the fiesta is for you .
1	i was a little worried because the place was almost empty , but i have to say the service was wonderful . the waiter was extremely nice and made sure we were taken care of . the cheese dip lacked flavor and was watery but not terrible ( i woudn 't order it again ) however the chimichanga and the shrimp quesadilla was wonderful ! more people came in to dine , but our waiter was still attentive , and made sure we were good . i think the prices are fair for the portions and quality of the food . i 'll definitely be going back ; and i think next time i 'll try the margarita !
1	we had heard that javiers was a good place to eat at , according to the reviews i saw on yelp . our server angel was great ! the service was excellent the food was amazing ! i had the the steak fajitas my gf had enchiladas . she had a drink and i had a nice cold beer . the drinks were good and the environment made us want to back next time we 're in vegas . highly recommended this place for mexican food .
1	after a long day of work i come hear to unwind , great service , very nice people and the food is very good .
1	ask for johan - he 's very courteous and provided great service to the table . this place ranks a 5 star in my book and i 'm hell of picky when it comes food and service ; just read my other reviews : ) .
1	we found this place and it was great . as soon as u walk in u get the smell of authentic mexican food . everything we ordered was great ! portions n prices were great ! great options great service . we are from out of town this was our first time here highly recommend .
1	this place is cheap and delicious . enough said !
1	first time that i have gone there and will for now continue ! the waitress was nice and she was quick with our orders being taken , as well as bringing them to our table ! and although it was like 4am , the vibe of everyone there was still on a roll !
1	delicious ! we had the tomato bread with serrano ham , chicken croquets , shrimp ceviche , chicken tinga dish , and a flan . amazing food , flavorful , fresh , was brought to our table at an amazing speed . the waiters and waitresses were extremely attentive , our drink never went empty . i 'm sad i found this gem of a place so far from where i live . but any time i 'm back in vegas this will be my first and last stop .
1	the african american male working tonight was very smiley and sweet and while i typically hate getting fast food because people have shitty attitudes .. this guy was great : ) thank you for actually caring about your job ! ! !
1	a young man named jent was exceptionally attentive to other guests and myself , and i will surely make the trip to this location , though its not my neighborhood in n out , if it guatentees this kind of service and just a positive experience . theres nothing like having a complicated order , and recieving no complaints . thank you jent and the team .
1	there 's a wide variety of tacos to try , and i 've enjoyed all those i 've had ( el pastor and backyard bbq are my favorites ) . i don 't know if it 's authentic tex-mex or austin-style , and i don 't really care . there isn 't anyone else in town doing what they do , so this is my go-to for tacos .
1	camarones a la diabla is very good and spicy . ceviche is awesome .
1	there was a bit of a wait but to be honest if there 's a line that means it 's good food . i 'm from san diego and this location tasted just like home . definitely hitting this place up whenever i 'm in vegas .
1	casa don juan did not disappoint . best nachos ever followed by the best fried ice cream ..... not to mention great service and friendly staff .
1	our yelpers did not let us down on the recommendation for viva mercados . we like , no love , mexican food . this restaurant has the goods . generous serving of salsa and chips to start ( if you like hot like i do , request some of the hot - habanero - on the side , super tasty ) . salsa was excellent . service was on point . overall the food was delicious . don 't pass up an opportunity to try this hidden gem . you won 't be disappointed ! !
1	first and foremost the atmosphere and customer service was exceptional . i had the uruapan combo which had green pork and bean burrito , beef enchilada , and chicken taco . a very tasty and esoteric medley . i will certainly be recommending and experiencing this place again the next time i 'm in vegas .
1	we have been back three times and each time has been wonderful . the beef brisket tacos are amazing , and the jalapeno infused tequila margarita is the best margarita i have ever had . everything is fresh , authentic , priced well , and service is great ! thank you for putting this great restaurant in south park !
1	we had some sangrias to start and ordered the cuban sampler plate and rack of lamb . everything was delicious and service was great ! i would highly recommend this place !
1	phat phranks is an order at the counter , seat yourself kind of restaurant . we ordered the deluxe carne asada fries as an appetizer . these are a must try when you come here . also the entire staff was nice and friendly along with the service being fast !
1	my sister and i loved the vibe of this place - the decor , layout , and overall vibe were perfect and everything we hoped for . our food was delicious and our server was really great . all of the tacos i ordered were flavorful and fresh . if we ever make it back to phoenix we will stop back at otro !
1	after arguing the check in deal , the waiter reluctantly gave us the free sangria if we agreed to give a 5 star review .
1	this made my week ! the homemade tortillas taste like someone 's grandma made them . the beef is juicy and full of flavor ! ben the owner didn 't forget the sides . rice and beans are unlike any i 've tasted . he must use bacon or really good seasoning . the guac is smooth , creamy and so fresh tasting . he gives plenty of it ! pico is perfect ! my only regret is not going to jefe 's myself . visiting ben is part of the experience . thanks jefe 's taco shop .
1	where i live there isn 't a ton of great mexican , so this burrito craving had been waiting a long time to be satisfied . los dos diablitos was on the way to our hotel and open late ! the two women working in the kitchen were so nice and quickly made our order of carne asada burrito and horchata . the burrito hit the spot perfectly , but i found the horchata to be waaaay too sweet . the shop itself is very clean and if i lived in phoenix i 'd definitely be a regular because of how nice they were .
1	the food was fresh and authentic . the margarita 's were great . we ate out in the patio area . even though it was 100 degrees , it was comfortable with an evening breeze . excellent service . reasonable prices . just lovely !
1	the servers , mine was anthony was so considerate , and the tacos were fabulous .
1	wow what a save to the night . our service was excellent . our food came out fast . delicious meal . it was cold out so the place was warm and a great place to socialize . can 't even complain about a thing . can 't wait to return !
1	it is just so yummy . i am a creature of habit and get the pollo con queso every time , and i highly recommend it . it 's huge , so luckily it tastes exactly as good re-heated the next day . maybe even better . if there was anything that could improve , the milder salsa is served in a mini carafe that has to get poured onto your chips directly , which can get messy . but it 's really no big deal . and they 'd probably give me a little bowl if i asked , i just never have . do yourself a favor and give this place a try !
1	the awesome staff and manager took the time to make it for me anyways : ) very satisfied customer .
1	first off the kitchen is super clean which is a huge deal for me . and the food was fresh and amazing ill be back often
1	it was happy hour so i took advantage of the 2 for 1 margaritas . they were perfect ! absolutely delicious . to pair with the drinks , we ordered some guacamole that had pomegranate seeds in it . what a delightful touch . so fresh . we had a big dinner planned so the only other item we shared were the lobster tacos . pretty good value during happy hour as these were just to die for . maybe the best lobster tacos i 've ever tried . service was attentive and professional . btw- there 's a cool mechanical bull in the middle of the restaurant you should check out too !
1	we went on a sunday night , so not exactly the food rush , but the service was excellent ! ryan was the best , we loved chatting with her and she was really attentive to us ! the thai nachos were sublime . super weird if you 're a nacho traditionalist , but if you appreciate a walk on the wild side then definitely go for it ! the fajita salad was a standard mexican style salad , and an excellent way to add vegetables . three of us shared these two entrees and bottomless chips and salsa , we all walked away full and extremely happy we chose to stop in ! also , the margarita is incredible .
1	i js moved here and wasn 't sure on where to go , but this place was the closest thing to me still open . didn 't expect the greatest since it was 4 am .. but he cooked my carne asada tacos right there in my face . they were fresh and delicious and has been all i 've been thinking about since . i believe i found my go-to spot .
1	wow ! living in santa fe for three years , we knew what to expect with " new mexican " styled food . it was right on the money . none of us realized how much we had missed the flavor ! everything we ordered was delicious ( huevos rancheros , posole , tamales , enchiladas , burros , fry bread & the tortillas ! ) . the owner was extremely friendly . service and food was great . i have easily told 5-7 people about this place since yesterday afternoon . we were ready to go back for dinner that night ! a must try . little hard to find as it doesn 't have a sign on the building . but worth the search : )
1	great food , and didn 't feel like a vegas chain but more like some of the family restaurants out this way in california . the traditional mole sauce was killer . waiter made the guacamole right at the table , adding jalepenos to suit the requested amount of hotness ( lots ) . excellent , attentive service . one of the better choices for mexican in vegas .
1	i could eat bean burritos pretty much every day - and some weeks , i do .
1	there horchata taste very authentic . everything was in expensive ! i definitely will be back for late night cravings .
1	their meats taste like they actually took time to cook and marinate , and granted the service isn 't expectational , it is a wonderful late night taco spot . why ever go anywhere else again ? that 's how good this place is . usually i 'm sketched out by cheap meat , but not here . it 's so amazing .
1	my order is always accurate , the food is always hot and fresh and the people are always prompt and courteous . kudos to el pollo loco for stepping outside the norm of fast food and offering things like the chicken avocado bowl and the chicken and shrimp platter served with broccoli ! so good and so right on . also , the sauces actually are fresh and made with real ingredients with real spice - it 's tastes authentic rather than pre-fab out of a package .
1	it didn 't disappoint . the margaritas are outstanding . the salsas offered with chips were great . the mild was good but i preferred the spicier option . i had seafood enchilada - one of the best mexican dishes i 've ordered . the bar had a great crowd . i 'll be back again to check it out .
1	setting up the reservation , menu and contract was a simple process . the room was great , we had our own private bartender and the food was fantastic ! all for a price that was very competitive . the paella , meatballs and dates were a few of my faves--delicious ! the service was excellent ! we had put together a 6 minute video for my mother--she had a bit of a hard time hearing it so they turned off the music in the entire restaurant--on a friday night--for the 6 minutes so she could hear the audio . that was an awesome touch--great food , great ambience and great customer service ! i would completely recommend firefly and we will definitely be back !
1	this place was great , food was cheap and it probably was one of the best mexican food places i 've had in the valley in a while. definitely worth checking out .
1	wonderful service , clean and great atmosphere ( could barely hear street traffic on university ) , and most importantly , delicious ! i love the smaller portioned tacos , and the salsa bar was always stocked and fresh . will definitely be making bicycle trips back and become a regular ! : )
1	they moved locations but i still managed to drive right by all the time . finally today was the day . why didn 't i go in sooner ? great helpful friendly staff . all i got for takeout was very plain 2 pork schnitzels on a bun . they told me that 's called a brown on brown . they were great crispy on the outside very tender on the inside and they were huge . will be back real soon to have a dinner with all the fixings .
1	my husband had the " speedy gonzales , " a taco , enchilada , beans & rice , and i had the taco salad both were very , very good . i am really glad we stopped .
1	we had a perfect meal there . amazing ambiance , twinkly lights in the courtyard , live musician . great wine . food was so unique and delicious- i 'd describe it as southern-spanish fusion . this meal was the highlight of our trip to phoenix . if you live in phoenix , you have no excuse to not come here . i live in chicago and i 'm sure i 'll be back .
1	since my dad was craving mexican food , we stopped by habanero 's for lunch . i 'm not a mexican food expert by any means , but i feel like i 've had my fair share of great tacos in my time , and these were so good ! ! i had 3 , the blacked fish , lobster , and carne asada and would have to say that the lobster and carne asada were my favorites , while the blackened fish felt on the blander side . the service is super friendly , and the food reached us pretty quickly , so overall , definitely happy with my experience !
1	the food was very good ( tacos de adobada , tacos de asada and tacos de sesos ) . service from all of the staff was excellent ! denise , mike and benjamin were awesome . mike made us feel welcome with a warm greeting and inquired about our visit . benjamin and denise helped us decide what to eat with no hesitation as well as providing us with a welcome greeting upon our first step into the restaurant . we will be back ! thanks guys .
1	i think the morning after i ate all the leftovers from our group . it was awesome . waitstaff was awesome . can 't remember the guy who served us but he came out with us after .
1	after eating here i never eat filibertos , juliobertos at all , really well ran family business ... food is made too perfection i always order the nachos every time i go there & it never lets me down .... one thing more this place delivers food to your door ... what more do you want
1	the green chile beef is absolutely amazing . no need to pay twice as much at a pretentious place like richardsons when you get the real deal here ! and the frybread was perfect ! the perfect balance between crispy and fluffy . the whole thing just melts in your mouth . combined with the hatch chile beef , and it is a combo that can 't be beat ! unbelievably good ! seriously , the negative review that kept me away from here must have been from a hater .
1	i ordered the carne sandwich with a side of potatoes ; both were very filling and the chimmi sauce really kicked it up a notch . it can be a little pricey , but it 's definitely worth it . between the extremely helpful service , cozy atmosphere , and great food , this is my new favorite restaurant in pittsburgh !
1	i felt accepted and flattered by his sweet choice of words . their portions are great as well which makes it much better & their prices are nice for the strip . hello from turkey ! love you guys ! ! !
1	the service is always great , the food is always great and the prices are great . even on a busy night , it is great . the place really is just ... you guessed it , great ! i recently moved from medina to about 45 min away and will be making the drive to medina to enjoy this place . it is my fav and always will be ....
1	to say the place is rough looking would be a major understatement . it is an old building in a marginal area . the floor in the place looks very garage-like , only with water and spilled soda puddling on the floor instead of motor oil . it all adds to the overall charm of the place . the food , of course , is top notch . as good or better than their west valley location . service is quick , and sometimes even friendly , though not uniformly . it was an experience i hope to repeat soon . just great , basic , mexican food .
1	) i make it a point to come here at least once on my trip . these are hands down the best tacos i 've ever eaten . so good ! my standard order is usually 3 tacos and a horchata to wash it all down i highly recommend the pork belly tacos ( i usually order at least 2 ) they have seating both indoors and out ( under a tent ) and as you can imagine , seats indoors ( ac ! ) in the summer fill up quick . tacos are $ 2 each and a bargain if you ask me . can 't wait to go back and get my tacos el gordo fix !
1	we were immediately welcomed and given a brief run-down of how the restaurant prepares its food and where they get it from . when the food came about five minutes after the order , we were treated to some of the best hamburgers we 've had in a long time . the house-made chocolate milkshake topped it off and it was bar none the best milkshake i have had .
1	it was a busy , hoppin ' joint , but we got a nice table right away . our server was friendly and efficient . we had several dishes , which were all so delicious . the meat was perfectly cooked , the sauces were nice , and the vegetables were fresh . my only complaint was that it all came out so quickly , i would have rather lingered over small courses . we shared a pitcher of sangria , and we sadly could not finish it all , very generous pitcher . the sangria was stellar , with nice chunks of fruit floating within .
1	he agreed that kebabs here take you back to iran . how ever please don 't nag about service . you have to be lucky in a middle eastern restaurant to get a good service . their purpose is to provide us with authentic meal not to win a prize for best service in town . my next try will be breakfast .
1	nacho daddy was a short walk back from the end of fremont and could seat 8 of us right away . we started with the mexican street corn , which i 've had in mexico , and it was pretty good but not the same as in mexico . i had the pork tamale and seafood enchilada combo . i was really happy with both of my dishes . our friends split the filet fajitas and they really liked them too . they have scorpion shots for those who are brave enough lol . our waiter was great too , fast service and checked on us appropriately . all in all a great dining experience here .
1	it was immediately apparent the quality difference by just the tortilla on the breakfast burritos i ordered for my friends and myself . i have also tried their carne asada burrito and was very pleased as well . i haven 't tried anything else so i can 't comment on other reviews of other foods but this place is hands above the guys across the street
1	anyways this place is by my bf 's house and we decided to try it out ... words cannot describe how savory and delicious these tacos are ! even the burritos are big and fat and fulfilling ! i loved every single bite ! even my boyfriend stopped eating at tacos el gordo ! i love that it 's a little hidden treasure lol ( i was always got annoyed from how busy tacos el gordo got busy ) but yes ! do try it ! ! plus the staff are so cute & nice ! ! ! reminds me of my elderly relatives ! ! ! : - ) thumbs up ! ! fresh tacos ! ! !
1	there 's like ... a designated chip guy . quick service , great food ! classic mexican ( but for picky eaters they do have some american things ) with a large menu !
1	don 't let the line deceive you guys good is served quickly . tough to find seating so have someone order while you look for a spot for your friends . double double both kind of onions and fries with a strawberry milk shake please . hits the spot every time : )
1	komex was the place ! being from california , we are obsessed with mexican . we were intrigued by the fusion of foods they had to offer . we only order the half fusion nachos / half fusion fries plate , but they did not disappoint ! the flavors were unlike anything we have ever had ! the chips were similar to wontons and the beef had a delicious sweet sauce that it had been cooked in ! ! that mixed with the cheese , sauce and fried goodness led us to leaving full and happy from one $ 8 plate ! this is a great place to try if you want something new and exciting !
1	there were no tricks in their treats here , just good old fashion food . our service dog accompanied us this hallows eve , and gave a fantastic review for the rug by the front door . it was most excellent . thank you to the employees of the store for getting our order correct and staying open for us hungry people .
1	: ) i 'm usually not a fan of tapas style menus , but cleo pulls it off very well . grilled octopus , lamb chops , pork belly , hummus with laffa bread , spiced cauliflower , and just about everything else delicious . even for tapas , they are large enough for two people to share and get a good portion of it to satisfy the palate . would definitely come back for more .
1	i will definitely be back ! p.s. great happy hour !
1	the food was absolutely wonderful and tasty and service was fast . will be back for more : )
1	it was fabulous ! small and quaint , you really get the feeling of being at home . they bring you 4 different salsas which is a plus in my book , also the serving sizes are huge plenty to take home . also loved that they added grilled pineapple to the fajitas ! the best part about the food is that it came out fresh & not pre made like most typical mexican restaurants . will most definitely be returning !
1	after having the redondo sushi burrito i am now convinced after all these years that there is a god .
1	if you get here as they open , definitely worth the trip for some pretty amazing fancy tacos . it can get a little expensive but the tacos are all really fancy so we felt we got our money 's worth .
1	the line-up was short , service was quick ( 4-5 minutes ) , receipt with order number ( well organized ) and super generous portions . i had the naked burrito bowl with halibut and sweet potato . i usually can down a chipotle bowl no problem , but i was able to save the other half for dinner ! that 's how generous the portions are . extra guac for 90 cents . i will most likely return on mondays for their special .
1	seriously , barrio is amazing ! but you must time out your visit because it gets packed ! ! ! i love the way you order your meal ... ( see pictures ) ! there is a checklist of options for your tacos to include the kind of tortilla , meat , sauce , condiments etc . i love love the queso blanco at this restaurant . make sure to order that in addition to the house salsa ! i really don 't think you can go wrong ordering ; everything i tried was great ! good luck & enjoy !
1	so glad we did . the quality and staff were soooo good . the prices were reasonable and felt like one of the highlights of our trip . will be returning for sure .
1	i ordered the vanilla and she ordered the banana one and decided to add chocolate to it . we were both thoroughly impressed ! the shakes are made with delicious ice cream and had the occasional specs of ice in them that separate the " real " shakes from the " made from mix " ones . friendly , professional service as usual from the owners who are dedicated to making their new business a success .
1	so i ran from the sahara to a little place that reminded me of home and grubbed out at tacos mexico . thanks , guys . this place had fast service that hit the spot and allowed me to continue on back to my hotel .
1	after i ate here .. everything else taste like taco bell .. the chips and salsa alone are enough to die for .. the tacos are so good you would think they fedex them from mexico .. and don 't eat the friend ice cream or you going to have to go to rehab that thing is addictive .. my favorite go to spot for mexican dishes they are the best in town !
1	when he brought out my food there was a small cup of salsa verde , the host informed me that the chef had overheard my question and whipped me up a small batch . such great customer service and it made my meal that much better . highly recommend this place , some of the best mexican food i 've had while i 've been here and they definitely care about their customers . wish i could give 6 stars .
1	the atmosphere was great the food was excellent , the smell from the kitchen when we walked in was delicious.we were seated immediately during lunch . we also had a friendly waitress and food was served in a timely manner i enjoyed the chicken with pintos rice and plantains . kudos to the cook don 't change a thing 2 thumbs up i am also a very picky eater so coming from me this is outstanding . my husband and i will definitely be back !
1	you can 't beat the value of $ 2 street tacos , and happy hour prices on food all the time at the bar . this is our go-to mexican food place . service is what it is , not great , not terrible . equal to what you would find an any other casual dining establishment . food is fairly consistent and a great value . we haven 't had anything we disliked . while not the most authentic place in las vegas , its definitely very solid mexican food . will continue to go back on a regular basis .
1	it 's 24 / 7 which is very convenient . i ordered the steak fajitas . jeffrey ordered the chicken quesadillas . we also purchased a order of pastor fries to split ( which easily feeds 2 people ) . our food came out within 10 minutes . overall , our bellies were very pleased !
1	the food is incredible and the service super friendly . they are located in the strip district .
1	great service , really well made drinks and delicious food . can 't recommend this enough . cool atmosphere , fun crowd , great food . just go and see for yourself .
1	after living in arizona and california i finally found some great tasting authentic mexican food in toronto .
1	we decided to drop in for lunch and it wasn 't long before the chef stopped by to introduce himself and see if we had any questions on the menu . everything we tried was delicious and came in good sized portions . they also offer a good tequila list with some flight options .
1	i had all but given up until i tried si señors . the relleno was perfection as well as the " hot " green chili and everything on my plate . and of course it would no be a nm dish without sopapillas ...
1	i was wrong . the carne asada tacos at taco y taco are not only the best in las vegas , but better than any i remember in san diego . just 2 miles off the strip , and well worth the drive from san diego .
1	they have a roving guacamole cart ... order the guacamole ! someone will mix it up right in front of you , and it is so good that i did not stop eating it , even as the waitress was kindly going over the menu at our request ... munch , munch , munch . please also order the malbec-braised short rib tacos . they put one slice of dill pickle in , and coupled with amazing sauce and the meat , your tastebuds will be in absolute heaven . provided you can stop eating the guacamole long enough to enjoy anything else .
1	they serve traditional street style tacos with all your typical toppings . if they man working there tells you a salsa is hot , take his recommendation and don 't pour it all over your taco , because chances are , it 's really freaking hot ! i recommend beef tongue if they have it , but if not , chicken is my second choice . no other pittsburgh taco place compares to las palmas for me ! the tacos are $ 2.50 and 2 will fill me up . ( cash only for tacos , cards inside the store )
1	i 'm used to real mexican food , great street tacos , and getting it all cheap . chicken itza is better than any other mexican food i 've had in las vegas because it 's real . the curb appeal of the shopping center is lacking , but my favorite foods always come from dives and holes in the wall . the chicken in the enchiladas was amazing , their green sauce made me tongue happy and their horchata was authentic . we spoke with the owner , and he is delightful . give chicken itza a chance , your taste buds will thank you .
1	i can 't say anything for the dinner crowd , but get here before 12pm , order off the lunch menu and you 'll have a healthy portion of fresh delicious mexican food in under 10 minutes . i normally get the half-ass burro , that comes with an excellent side salad and am stuffed every time i leave . i can also say for a great strong margarita pull up a seat at the bar , have some chips and enjoy . without a doubt this is a perfect break from status-quo fried , rice and beans dishes normally found in the valley .
1	this place is legit . it 's the closest thing to real tex mex i 've found in the carolinas . it 's the only place i 've found here that has charro beans . the tacos are outstanding and i love the cheese enchiladas . i highly recommend it . it 's one of my favorite restaurants of any kind in charlotte !
1	mad mex nailed it ! the chicken mole burrito was amazing ! the chicken fajita was perfect . the kids menu was ideal . thankyou ! ! !
1	all i have to say is yum . delicious , authentic mexican food at fair prices with friendly service . i tried the quesadilla with barbacoa and it was perfection . it 's worth it to spring for the guacamole , too . i can 't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu .
1	this place was one of the best and most authentic i have tried . we are going back . we have tried the tallarines verdes , aji de gallina , bistec a lo pobre , and the causa and it was all delicious
1	we didn 't have a reservation , but the hostess seated us fairly quickly considering the fact that it was busy . the menu was organized and really easy to read so that helped me to order what i wanted to eat . we ordered apple and manchego salad , stuffed dates , scallop escargots , camarones a la diabla , and the seafood paella . the food was delicious ! i do wish that the camarones a la diabla had a little more shrimp because there was only 4 pieces , and the paella wasn 't so salty , but asides that everything else came out wonderful !
1	we ordered the queso fundido even though it said it had mushrooms and peppers in it ? i ordered the azteca enchilada and the hubs ordered the barrio pollo burrito . presentation was good and all of the food was amazing . the flavors were incredible without being overwhelming . great server , chill environment . definitely impressed and will be back .
1	i was told that this place had the real other side of the border tacos and sure enough .... they weren 't lying ! hand made tortillas ! awesome guacamole ! just amazing tijuana style tacos . while i 'm from la im used to dollar tacos so $ 2 per taco was on the pricier side ... but ... i cannot complain ! well worth the price ... but hey if your in vegas might as well spend your money ( that you will end up giving to the casinos ) on some good tacos .
1	each of us rated our dinners as absolutely outstanding . i had the short ribs , one had the braised pork shank and one had the scallop / shrimp dinner ... we also ordered the calamari and it was as special as the dinners . a shared piece of " impossible cake " topped it all off . having guadalupe stop by our table for a chat added to the enjoyment . visit this wonderful addition to the davidson dining scene !
1	thankfully a friend told me about burritos juarez . colitas de pavo , hot dogs , tortillas and chico 's style tacos all make this place the # 1 destination for anyone from el paso , tx or cd . juarez . all of the other dishes are as good as any other mexican joint in tow
1	i 've never gotten a burrito as full and thick as i have here for the price of all the other places . their salsas are even amazing . this place was crowded and the service was even fast . must try for those craving a burrito .
1	ask luis to make you a speciality cocktail - if you 're brave make it a surprise ( i haven 't been disappointed yet ) . sure thing more your speed ? ask for the lavender infused gin mojito . the new reno looks great . exposed brick is a favorite of mine . can 't wait to chill at this place in the summer and try their new seasonal menu .
1	we were seated right away and greeted by an extremely friendly server . we had street corn to start and i had the yellow jacket cocktail and my husband had the lychee & pepper cocktail . both drinks pleased our palette perfectly . for dinner i had the mushroom tacos ( being a vegetarian that was the go to option ) and my husband had the al pastor tacos - simply put , amazing . finally , for dessert we had the whipped cheesecake . after leaving we both talk about the complex food profiles of everything we had that made the food so one of a kind and desirable . we are looking forward to go back !
1	its awesome to know vegas has two locations now ! get their carne asada sopes. i repeat , carne asada sopes ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! if u dont love it , meals on me . : )
1	i have to tell you they did not disappoint in any way ! the braised chicken was amazing ! i also got an order of the fried yucca and with the salsa omg ! ! ! the service was great ! i always love going to locally owned business and supporting the non-chain businesses ! ! ! will be back for sure ! ! !
1	" i thought it wasn 't possible . mily y lalo 's surpassed all of my expectations . the people there are so nice , always a family vibe , and the food is spectacular . a wide range of authentic peruvian dishes , my favorite being the lomo saltado de pollo , with an egg on top of course .
1	ldm was recommened . 3yrs now and ldm is still our favorite . there are too many great resturants in the greater phoenix area yet this location of ldm is our top choice . love the atmosphere , crisps , taco salad , chimy , all items make my mouth water . new mexico cusine is a favorite , ldm a great time . thank you ldm .
1	vegetarian / vegan is just awesome . food quality is great , clean and variety of sauces excellent . they just need to improve their setting chairs . it 's very old and foam coming out .
1	the one sore spot was mexican , which didn 't seem to have much flavour . tacos el asador is fine , but the meat is dry . mexitaco tries , but it 's flat . el jacalito is the real deal . i 'm especially fond of mexican soups , and their pozole ( pork skin ! giant hominy grains ! lime ! ) is fantastic . and the owners are super-friendly .
1	we stumbled into manuel 's on christmas eve in 2012 and we 've been coming back since . we like sitting in the bar area since we have a toddler that can get a little noisy ( and the bar masks the noise a little better ) . i love the salsa . prices are fair , portions are perfect . my go-to item is the chicken taco salad , which has tons of fresh cool crunch .
1	tortillas are awesome ! the few things we 've tried have all been very good . i just can 't help ordering chorizo on each visit . they do chorizo different than any other place i 've been to .
1	i absolutely love this place , it 's by far one of the best in the city and one of my all time favorites . definitely try the the lavender infused selections and for non coffee the iced chai . so bomb we will forever be loyal
1	yesterday was the 1st day open . typically a lot of things go south with new openings , nacho daddy was an exception . our server johnny was excellent. attentive , friendly and fast . the food was very good and the selection of tequila is extensive . it was also taco tuesday which gets 2 for 1 tequila . woo hoo . my only negative comment is the staff is not well versed in tequilas . nd should train / educate all employees about tequila . with that being said we look forward to returning soon to the new nacho daddy 's in summerlin for another fun evening
1	so we finally went today and it was amazing . there are a few places that you can go in and come out fully satisfied and not feel too bad about your tight jeans and this is the place . great food and service , they truly do care . were definitely coming back here and try their friday night date nights !
1	after my court , i was hungry so i looked for a mexican restaurant near by and i found this one with a 5 star rating so i had to try it , and i wasn 't expecting less , food was awsome and in a good portion .
1	after my second visit i knew they deserve 5 stars sooooooo good great salsas one of the best i have ever had especially the salsa u get with the " chips n salsa " ingredients are fresh great flavors and they have homemade ice creams and pastry that being daily made for amazing price
1	dinner consisted of mahi mahi tacos , grilled chicken nachos , and a burrito . everything was nothing short of outstanding . note : initially i believed the ordering process to be a bit tedious but this appears to have worked itself out .
1	we tried the over easy on indian school rd in phx az . we were not disappointed . the atmosphere was similar to the diners i remember back in the day . the food was cooked just the way we love it , no crusties on the eggs , the bacon crisp , just the way it was ordered . i ordered a breakfast burrito with items that i wanted in the burrito . very , very tasty . we will definitely eat there again .
1	we were presently surprised by the great quality food and affordable bill to top it off ! was also refreshing to have such good service . had 4 different employees ask us if we needed anything else ( besides the waiter ) . this included chips , drinks , and utensils . i would highly recommend this restaurant to couples or families .
1	i had 3 street tacos and a drink for around $ 4 and they were fantastic ! lots of flavor ! my boyfriend tried the hamburger and fries for around $ 5 , he liked it ! the fries are freshly made ( like in-n-out ) and were good . overall great value and location for a quick lunch !
1	not only was the food delicious but the customer service was amazing ! thank u sin fronteras tacos for saving the day !
1	i 'm pleased to say i wasn 't disappointed . i ordered the fish , plantains , tacos and menudo and all was made fresh and extremely delicious . the service was excellent and friendly . one of the best eating out experiences i ever had . i will come back again .
1	we found out otb has drink specials on the brunch menu , but those end at 2pm so try to stick to " normal " lunch hours on the weekend to get the best bang for your buck . that being said , the lunch menu is active until 4pm and it includes some discounts on the normal dinner entrees .
1	the queso was so good as were the steak fajitas ! deff check it out !
1	the food was great and cheap . we had a shrimp molcajete and it was delicious . we are making planes to go next week .
1	agree with yelpers for decor - need to upgrade ! but not agree with some yelpers for salsa- it is unique taste & looks watery - i had the same taste in different mex places .... just unique taste . yes ! carne acada plate was delusionsssssssssss !
1	it definitely didn 't disappoint ! we had the fish tacos which by far were the best i 'd ever had ! the fish was fresh and the " secret sauce " they put on it was delish ! as we were about to leave we were asked how everything was from who we believe was the owner - he was friendly and suggested other items for when we return - great customer service ! if you 're looking for traditional mexican food , definitely check this place out !
1	after reading all the rave reviews i was skeptical of how good it could be but it lived up to very one of them. this place was great with a nice staff. i will be back many times seeing cuban is one if my favs. i got the chicken and a cuban sandwich they were unbelievable. dont pass this place up .
1	the prices were very reasonable and we both left very full with plenty to bring home. i will def be back to eat here again .
1	the meat is absolutely fantastic . my husband and i split a skirt steak . the only thing is a bit weird is how you order at a counter and sit down for your meal . it is quite pricey for this kind of set up , however given the quality of the food i can let this little detail aside . make sure you try all of their sauces- absolutely fantastic ! i can 't wait to come back and try other things .
1	i agree . i 've been eating there for years now . they have really good food , the ladies at the window are friendly and it 's quick and cheap .
1	not far from where i live . i 'm a senior and eat out fairly often . i didn 't expect to be impressed , but wow . a joy to have an inexpensive lunch ( hit the tip jar ) by a family owned establishment . adjectives ? prideful , quality , friendly service from a family owned eatery ! going back today with two friends !
1	i wound up with the combo special . 2 pupusas beans rice and a beverage for $ 9 . i opted for the fresh pineapple juice for .50 more . was a great deal ! ! i chose the zucchini and cheese and also jalapeños and cheese . the jalapeño was very hot and good . all in all they were very tasty and i was full . i will return .
1	i have to say the food here is great ! ! ! i have to agree with all the reviews here as it being the best fast food mex. of any in the the valley ! ! ! friendly guys working there also ! ! !
1	( my eyes were bigger then my stomach next time i will have the med ) . topped it off with watermelon agua fresca ... i was happy and full . it was worth the $ 9 food bill got some pan dulce ( sweet breads ) to go for later i will be back for the tacos another weekend .. looking forward to it .. i was too full to grocery shop ..
1	very good smoked pork . i could see a clean smoke ring in the meat . it was moist and extremely flavorful . i will return again for sure !
1	the whole family loved it ! ! ! amazing food ! !
1	we were not disappointed ! the empanadas , although small serving , were delicious . my enchiladas were fresh , the chicken tender and the sauce ( green ) was the perfect spice . the el dorado margarita .... strong , well made . good size .
1	it didn 't disappoint me . all the foods we ordered were amazing ! it is my first time to try georgian foods , so i can not tell you whether it is authentic , but i can tell you i do really love it .
1	contrary to other posts , we found the waiting staff to be wonderful . it seemed like many of them were new or fresh off of recent training ( which again , may have stemmed from some earlier reviews ) . good to think they may be taking the feedback and actually working on improving ! the food was great , my margarita was awesome and our server gabe was helpful but not overbearing . even the hostess stepped in to keep things running smoothly by helping to refill chips , etc . we will definitely be going back ! oh , and we didn 't wait longer than 10-15 minutes for food . it was perfect !
1	we 've been there 4 times now and not once a bad experience . the salsa was amazing ! the food was fresh and tasty . the service was impeccable ! ! ! friendly efficient staff ! we asked for flour chips which were not on the menu and they gladly made them for us with no fuss or extra charges . it was all delicious and they don 't skimp on the margaritas ! you can actually taste the alcohol . prices are more then fair ! i can 't say enough good about this place other then i prefer wood or tile floors vs carpet flooring . would definitely recommend to those who like good hand made cold margs and excellent fresh salsa !
1	i have eaten at grilled addiction many times . they set up at my apartment complex once a month and i love them ! ! i have had everything on the menu and it has all been fantastic . kiarash z - if you want fast food go to a fast food restaurant ! don 't review something if you havent tried or been there . fail . after getting to know the trucks owner and chef i know for a fact that the food is quality . it 's sad that people will bad mouth someones buisness without giving them the chance to fix an issue . keep doing what yout doing grilled addiction , you 're awesome !
1	and everything i 'd read was true . the fish tacos were amazing . the best fish taco 's i 'd ever had . my fiance ordered the fish and chips and the fish was pretty good too . their tarter sauce was probably the second best part of both our meals . i will definitely be going back .
1	after reading the other reviews i will have to disagree with most of you that where not satisfied as i am writing this 15 minutes after destroying a pulled pork burrito i have had pulled pork in the texas and missouri area of the united states and i must say that this pulled pork can sit in the best of the mid west even though it 's from montreal i highly recommend this place and don 't listen the the people that spit that tom foolery about this place my stars don 't lie 5 / 5
1	very very good , but $ 2.50 for a coke ? c 'mon man ..
1	there was alot of people but not overcrowded , it was alot of families and there kids . the food was awesome ! ! i had the fundido with jalapeno cream cheese and it was so good ! ! it had this awesome unique taste to it where you just couldnt stop eating , even when full . this was the only place that makes there mexican rice exactly like my moms ! ! it was delish ! you can tell there refried beans were very authentic . ive been to alot of mexican restaurants and this one is by far the best !
1	i had the asada burrito which was very good. my wife had a green pork burrito and she really loved it. we like the place so much that we went twice in one week ! ! great job mr. lenos . we will definitely be back and recommended it .
1	after reading the reviews , i decided to give it a try after class since i pass it everyday , the cashier was very helpful in directing me to the counter where you place the order im not fluent in spanish but i told the older gentleman i speak a little and called the guy who cuts the meat to help out , very helpful and even offered to make a taco since it was my first time. would definitely visit again
1	well worth the effort . it is a very small place , but very clean and friendly workers . my daughters and i a had the bulgogi burritos and it was fantastic . we couldn 't finish them so we took the other half home and had it for snacks later . the location is hard to find , because it is in the corner of a commercial center . it is located at decatur and washington across from marketon the spanish market and the burned down jack in the box .
1	i 'm glad i did , everything we ordered was full of flavor , the fish taco , the cotota sandwich , chili verde plate and adobado torta . i 'm looking forward to eating there again . i also had the chance to talk to " phrank , " super cool dude .
1	our food was warm , minus the fries they were warm . everything was delicious . the customer service was awesome . the guy working the counter was super friendly and nice . the facilities were super clean . i am glad my son and i stopped it . was a nice snack after a long day of playing .
1	the food was so good ! ! ! this is the best mexican food i 've had in a long time ! i had carne asada enchiladas and my friend had the nachos along with cadillac margaritas ! i can 't wait to come back and try some other entrees ! ! ! oh and customer service was amazing !
1	friendly staff . yummy cheese dip . their acp is awesome ! the chips taste super fresh and salsa has a good kick . cheese dip is some of the best ! i will be back !
1	we weren 't disappointed . very good food ! ! not a long wait either , as another posted . the employees were as really nice too . it 's clean . i was happy with everything . i will definitely be back . i want to try the chimis ! ! !
1	i got the chicken enchiladas verde and my wife got the chicken enchiladas red sauce both were awesome and any place that serves habanero peppers is all right with me . they also have a really great selection of salsa and hot sauce . the people that work there are very nice .
1	i was passing by and decided to stop and try for myself . great store , busy place , but boy , i see why , amazing bread , service and atmosphere . will be back .
1	the were all that was promised and more . everything was super fresh , and the cilantro and lime make it special . really a treat .
1	i don 't think i would go on a weekend because of how busy it would be but my wife and i did go the very next night . awesome and highly recommended .
1	these grits are flavorful and delicious , but the star is this red sauce on top . overwhelming depth of flavor and just the right texture . i 'm actually genuinely excited to try them for dinner if the brunch food is this interesting !
1	it 's a very modern restaurant with a relaxing atmosphere . we started out with bloody mary 's and the elote esquite , which came with chips and three salsas - avocado , tomatillo and ancho chili . if you 're not sure what to start with , start there ! ! amazing flavor ! next we ordered tacos - shrimp , pork belly , carne adovada and deshebrada roja . while small in size , they are giant in flavor ! our server jacob was very welcoming , helpful with the menu and made sure our every need was met . we didn 't have room for dessert but i can 't wait to come back for cafe y flan .
1	the avocado fries are a necessary part of any order and the churros too it off for dessert .
1	the servers were so nice & eager to refill drinks & chips . the food was as wonderful as i have always remembered . i pray this location never closes ! ! !
1	tortilla fish is best visited on tuesday as you get taco tuesday deal . i recommend the fish and shrimp tacos . prices are reasonable . i only spent $ 12.57 including $ 2 tip for service . get limes or salsa and you will be good ! i recommend .
1	i 'm just sorry we didn 't stop sooner because the food is to die for ! anytime we are even close to the downtown area we make it a point to stop . the wood fired beef and the roasted pork butt arepas are a must and make sure to try shredded chicken empanadas too ! they definitely have to refill the bottle of creamy cilantro garlic sauce after i leave , that stuff so addictive ! run ! don 't walk and get yourself an arepa here , you won 't be sorry !
1	we were not disappointed ! ! the food here is so fresh and so good ! the staff was so friendly too ! we ordered 8 tacos ( i love that lettuce and tomato is an option vs onion and cilantro ! ) , a small order of the windy city fries and a quesadilla . it was under thirty bucks with tip . where can you buy dinner for three for that price ? ! we will definitely be back !
1	a day early for their social media specials but still worth the visit . wife 's dinner had some issues . manager on duty came out and talked to us , comped her meal and our ice teas . my dinner was awesome . can 't wait to go back .
1	when we arrived we were asked if this was our first time here and we informed the waitress it was she and the rest of the staff walked us thru on how to build our bowls and sauces . i don 't really remember our waitress 's name or the manager 's name i was happy with our meals . we will definitely be back soon
1	they are fully staffed and the customer service has improved . everyone including the chef said thank you after i picked up my order today ! i really like this place because the food is consistent and the portions are great for what you pay.the place is clean and everything on the menu is delish ! this is your best option if you are closer to avondale to get fresh pan dulce , gelato , antojitos , and dinner for the fam . there is something for everyone and the food has always had me come back . i 'm a sucker for service so i 'm extremely happy they were great and offered to let me sample the aguas frescas . i will be back !
1	indoor and outdoor seating are comfortable . food is central mexican without heavy cheese and sauce but not short on flavor . guacamole is special . service is friendly and unrushed . great casual dining . go . see for yourself .
1	the young man at the counter was so helpful , and so i went with his fav sub which is the the cheesesteak-n- egg ! ! so yummy ! ! ! ! downside was they don 't sell coke , and i won 't drink pepsi . so i walked over to rubios for one .
1	the food is amazing and great customer service from my favorite waiter alejandro . highly recommended ! ! ! !
1	the place is tiny , but we actually enjoyed the intimate atmosphere . the waiter was quick and responsive despite being the only server for all the tables . i order a margarita and was blown away . it was the best margarita i had ever had . the flavor was just the right amount of sweet and salty . for dinner we both had the enchilada special which consisted of 3 enchiladas in a red , white , and green sauce . the portions were smaller than what you 'd usually see at a mexican restaurant but i 'd say they were perfect . i loved the dish and didn 't feel like i 'd over eaten . we will definitely be back !
1	1 . tacos are just perfect especially " al pastor . " 2 . the carne platter was finger licking good ! 3 . the tortilla used taste fresh and homemade 4 . the veggies especially the avocado is by far the most fresh avocados you can get at a restaurant . will visit again and even bring a few people along !
1	we decided to go back and give bucca another try . we went today and it was great . jarrett our waiter was awesome . thank you again sven .
1	jumbo empanada is 100 % authentic--properly spiced , with full olives and a hard boiled egg inside . my chilean friend raves about this place , so it must be good ! for lunch i get the beef empanada , and if i 'm really hungry i 'll grab a cheese one on the side . there are some interesting choices for sodas here too , the perfect accompaniment . if you crave a chilean empanada in toronto , this is * the * place to go !
1	it was all well worth the hunt . we tried both types of tamales they had that evening -- house and kimchi . both were great ! i also loved both the sauces ( a green one and a red / brown one ) . flavors , textures , spice level ... everything was spot on ! and , such a perfect accompaniment to a few local , craft beers . thanks for making the chase worth it , masa casa !
1	this is one of the great mexican spots in town , easily . my go-to when trying a new place is always enchiladas and theirs are excellent . i also enjoyed their lengua entree . it 's just a little bit more expensive than , say , an emiliano 's , but you 're not likely to regret your visit here .
1	the environment of the restaurant is so unique and the food is just incredible ! i recommend trying the different variety of tacos as well as their corn on the cob ! you won 't be disappointed !
1	we ordered their nachos and the sampler number # 2 . the nachos are soooo good that you 'd never guess they have vegan cheese and " beef . " their jicama chili cheese fries were amazing and so was the vegan taco . delicious food and no guilt !
1	el catrin came highly recommended from the amazing staff at the delta marriott ~ love the vibe ~ outside dining ~ made at your table guacamole , coca cola from mexico in glass bottle , and easy to share plates . because we didn 't have a reservation , we stood in line anxiously waiting with others . it was jam packed at 8pm on a thursday night } the only thing i wished was different , was not seating us by the bar on high uncomfortable stools ! i would call ahead for a table in future . couldn 't really plan ahead , since we thought we 'd be at my daughters first concert that night . ~ thank you ~ el catrin ~
1	so good . the ceviche tostada and crab enchiladas--packed with crabmeat--were absolutely delicious . the ambience was bright , draft beer was deep , and service perfect . the owner even comped us tostadas . this place deserves another star !
1	we were invited back to the restaurant after getting an email from billy . the staff was wonderful and billy cares about the restaurant . the food is always good and yes we will be back again . thank you for stepping up and addressing the issues , with the manager and groupon . sincerely , mark habersack
1	the food is excellent , two staples of mexican cuisine that too many get wrong are guacamole and beans . rio rico 's has fresh , homemade beans and the guacamole is made to order . my family and i have tried many of there dishes and have never been disappointed , their giant quesadilla with shredded beef , steak , or chicken is simple yet delicious every time .
1	the complimentary chips and salsa with the check-in was a nice touch , and our server , jeanette , was so friendly and had great recommendations ! i would definitely come back here again for great food and service .
1	both have best mexican food i 've had in all of the southwest !
1	but rest easy it 's beautiful and delicious and what everything i thought it should be . we much prefer this location to the old town location . something about the menu is a bit cleaner and reads a bit diner-friendly . great for a girls lunch , family in town dinner , friday night people watching , etc . zinc bistro is still my most favorite restaurant of all time but the mission is a solid addition to the kierland hood .
1	from the moment we walked into the door till we left he was wonderful not with just us but all the people who walked through there door . so glad we stopped in here tonight to have supper . thank you bryson
1	pretty busy place at around 6 : 30pm . grabbed a seat a the bar and started out with a bourbon - excellent selection and prices . they have a diverse taco selection and i opted for the korean fried chicken taco , duck taco with mole , and the weekly special which was the green chicken chile taco . also got some grilled corn . the best taco was the green chili one . grilled corn was good but a little spicy . i thought the portions / price were reasonable given the quality of taco you were getting . food was $ 20 but if you look at just the tacos it was $ 13 . will be back soon !
1	finally , i found sin fronteras . i ordered from yelp and the owner delivered the food himself , he called first as they were out of one of the items to ensure i received something similar . when he arrived he was so kind , he found out we recently relocated and was quick to give recommendations and stand in the driveway to chat . the food was the closest i have tasted to san diego since . great chimichangas and churros and they are so quick ! we haven 't ordered from another mexican food shop since . i highly recommend this place .
1	we bypassed the other restaurants in the main parts outside the casino and shops . my wife and i looked at the menu and it had good choices so we sat ordered wine and then our food . she ordered veal scalapini a 5 out of 5 . lemon capers sauce with a side of angel hair pasta and she loved it . i had the best lamb chops ever ! i had to gnaw off what i couldn 't cut ! ! give it a shot ! you will not be disappointed !
1	this place is just as awesome as wing spot food is delicous . every order made fresh and prices are good to . the food court there in has seen better days but i always get my food to go anyways . you are doing yourself a great injustice if you don 't come try these two places .
1	i had the shredded beef . the chicken and pork butt . muy delicioso . i thought they were tiny hence why i ordered 3 . coming from a guy who can eat it was hard to nom nom nom down the 3rd one . the meat was fresh with the right amount of seasoning . the corn bread thing it was in was lite and airy . i love the green mild sauce he gives on the side . so good .
1	the chips , salsa and bean dip they bring before your meal are great. they never let our drinks go empty. the fajitas came out with rice , beans , guacamole , and sour cream with your choice of homemade flour or corn tortillas. i love fajitas and this place has got some of the best in town. highly recommend this fine restaurant to anyone !
1	the ambiance definitely made me feel at home , the service was great and all the staff is very friendly . out of all the tacos they offer , the fish tacos are the best tasting ones . the pupusas are also very tasty , and the beer and drink selection is great as well .
1	we are hooked on the carne asada burritos ... absolutely the best we 've tasted since moving here from so cal 6 yrs ago . the meat is so tasty , the guacamole fresh and just the right amount of pico de gallo . the tortilla is thin , like we like it ... and it never falls apart . the salsa 's at the salsa bars are fresh , you can tell they replenish them often . such a simple , totally yummy burrito .. we go often , probably too often and hardly ever want to try anything else .
1	i love a restaurant that is built to be outdoors . it was nice sitting right by the huge garage doors . we were outside yet not .. the margaritas are good ? the queso fundido was yum ! and the chipotle fish tacos ... omg ... i seriously took another order of them to go and dug into it when we got home if you want tequila and a table food of awesome tacos , this is the place
1	the tacos are that good ! but seriously kids stay in school , don 't steal
1	i 'm so glad we 'd persisted - it was delicious ! we ordered the guacamole and corn chips to start - fresh homemade guac was so delicious , and is now a must-have every time we go . i ordered the burrito grande and loved it . steak , burrito , sauce , refried beans , and all sorts of other goodness up in my belly . it 's hands-down the dish i recommend when i take others here . prepare to have leftovers if you have anything but a big appetite . service was great - we showed up a little late for our reservation with no hassle from them all . highly recommended !
1	and it was amazing ! ! real authentic flavors and fresh avocados and the correct cheese . i had the torta ahogada and the sauce poured over the top soaks into the bread and is so spicy and warm and satisfying . the sopes remained mostly crisp enough to cut and pick up and good pickled vege on top ! they have simpler items ( less spicy ) like burritos - which are a huge portion . the portions are large enough to bring some back for a late afternoon snack ( good for college students ) . we will certainly keep trying to come again since it 's really hard to get good mexican food up north .
1	visiting from out of town and we drove our rental to red rocks for the sunset and stopped in last night . food was great , service was perfect . highly recommend this place . salsa was spot on and you can feel a lot about a mexican spot biased on the salsa .
1	the service , atmosphere , and the food - all wonderful and we can 't wait to go back . brought home the rest of our meals ( my husband and i ) and ate more in the late evening ( right out of the fridge ) and the rest for breakfast - cold and still delicious ! ! ! ! didn 't have room for dessert - but we 'll try the flan next time . we are so happy to revise our original review of only 2 stars - to 5 stars ! recommend the fajitas and the flautas . all good ! !
1	never had any issues with the food , just want to say that the extra effort by the people running this location doesn 't go unnoticed , staff are all friendly and professional .
1	i found a groupon for tapas at embrujo and went there on friday evening . i can say this is one of the best places i went in toronto : food was great especially paella and they had a life performance - fmentango dancing and a singer . without groupon it would be quite pricey otherwise this place definitely worth visiting ! i would recommend to go on the weekend to see the performance .
1	ironically , they had a live mariachi band which reminded me of the original hussongs down in mexico ( the place to " break your drinking cherry " when you turn 18 in socal ... ) . now that it 's so dangerous to cross the border south , i 'd say cross the border to the east ( of los angeles ) and head over to this new one in vegas . food : tasty , plentiful , good pricing bevs : drinkable , have four people : both the staff and the crowd were pretty cool when i went there viva las vegas ! ( and get the shirt ; - )
1	left the sugar factory and walked over to tableau with my girl . what a difference ! tableau is a sexy brunch spot . great service , amazing food and they have thought of all the details . one being the mini table for my girl to put her purse down . we ordered the oysters , pancakes and pastrami skillet . all dishes were great and the smoothie of the day was amazing . great experience overall , definitely recommended for brunch and i can 't wait to go back during my next vegas trip . thank you tableau for making this grumpy hungry man leave happy !
1	no , we didn 't have a reservation , but fortunately got a table instantly . and it was a pretty busy saturday night . i guess they recognized our famousness ; ) but seriously , the service was impeccable . the food was virtually perfectly prepared , and the drinks were made just right , with a nice wine list was well . i also would highly recommend the brioche bread pudding for dessert , amazing . we got lucky finding this place after looking at many menus and other restaurants along the way .
1	my cousin and i spotted this as we were walking to the food court , and decided we wanted their food . we asked if it was possible to have our food to go , and they were nice and said sure ! the pasta we choose had the title of casanova , i assumed it was their special dish . so we choose that to split and did not regret . the pasta was delicious ! it had a light cream , with chicken , bacon , mushrooms , bits of tomatoes . it was just what i wanted ! they gave us some slices of bread which were still warm . i will definitely come back here if i visit vegas again !
1	great choice ! their cadillac margaritas are delicious . my husband had the the beef tacos which was loaded with large chunks of tender beef . i had the chicken mole , best mole i 've had . it comes with black beans , rice and mixed vegetables . the tortillas are all hand made with masa . servings are large , service is good and it is clean . will return .
1	someone had recommended this place to us , and i 'm glad they did ! the waiters recommend three dishes per person , which is more than sufficient . nine tapas dishes later we were full and delighted . particular highlights for me were the aubergine couscous and the patatas bravas ( you can 't really go wrong with these guys ) . of course we had to try dessert : creme brulee was crunchy and creamy perfection , the white chocolate caramel cheesecake , well the ingredients speak for themselves . bliss ! quick service , gorgeous food and a pleasant ambience earns this place five stars . great job !
1	it did not disappoint ! got an excellent short rib , chili crab , and a smore 's ice cream dessert that was heavenly . staff were awesome - great food and really fun . recommended !
1	any business that takes this kind of action to make sure it 's patrons are satisified deserves 5 stars ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! we will be back thanks
1	while it is pretty much necessary to have a car to get to this restaurant from the strip , it 's worth the short drive if you don 't want a gringo nacho platter like you find on the strip . this is a family-owned restaurant with a fresh-made salsa bar and entrees that taste like they come from mexico . i had awesome fish tacos for lunch , and the flan for dessert was superb ! the restaurant is by no means fancy , and is in fact a casual spot within a strip mall area . if you 've got a nudge for real mexican food though , this is the place .
1	elmer moved to the usa from mexico and started this place in the early 70 's . he took inspiration from his mother 's recipes and has been serving his awesome tacos to the downtown chandler area for decades . i love good authentic mexican food and this place sells it at a good price . definitely come on taco tuesdays for some great specials .
1	i am a very picky eater and i 'm not big into mexican food . let me say that i will be going back . the restaurant was very clean , the service was great , and the food was really good . i tried the burrito california . it was great ! and like i said , mexican isn 't my favorite but i was very happy with my meal .
1	take 3 friends , and order the " special " where they bring a char-broiler to your table with 3 different kinds of meats . like $ 24 . order guacamole . it 's actually guacamole , not mush . the salsa is fantastic . kind of a rough neighborhood , but close enough to downtown you 'll be fine . brush up on your espanol and be prepared for some of the best eating you 've ever done .
1	the interior is plastered with soviet cold-war era propaganda . kinda cool . we only had three dishes , stroganoff , pelmeni dumplings and a shrimp dish . all very good . plus the bread dipped into olive with the added bulgarian spices that are on the tables . looking forward to returning and expanding my knowledge of this interesting cuisine .
1	had lunch here and found the food to be tasty and pleasing to the eye . restaurant was clean and wait staff was friendly , courteous and helpful . restaurant atmosphere is light and fun . a good place to eat . we will be back on a future trip .
1	we had so much fun dining her on a friday night . live marachi music , friendly staff and great seafood . the pulpo with ranchero sauce is a killer . the seafood cocktail is a soup of wonderful ingredients . definitely worth a rerun !
1	margarita flights are a must ! the courteous and attentive staff seems happy about everything !
1	try the sundrop icee ! don 't miss it !
1	we have been coming to manuel 's a few years in a row now . we always sit outside , next to the door to the bar -- live music ! - so our girls ( 4yrs and 8 yrs ) can go dancing after dinner . they absolutely love it . and the service was fantastic , as always ! ricardo was our server and he kept the kids entertained , laughing and enjoying the overall experience . a great night and perfect way to spend our last night in az ! ! ! !
1	again another fine meal at el toro 's i had fajita quesadilla with the added extra cheese sauce on the top of it and you can 't beat that if you ever walk out of that place hungry it 's your own fault a great meal for less than $ 15 excellent service so a great tip and highest praises to the staff because they treat you like family and i can 't think of a better way to be treated in a restaurant than the way they do at el toro loco in urbana .
1	the service was great and the food came out hot ! love it ! most restaurants food comes out luke warm , but not here !
1	it 's hard to conceive mexican cuisine as being gourmet , but this is just about as close to it as one can get without going to las vegas or san diego . my wife had a chicken piccata dish that oozed with flavor and fresh tenderness ; i stuck with my favorite chili verde offering . the superb wait staff is not hesitant to recommend house favorites . our waitress had something many mexican establishment servers lack : panache . she called our attention to the local sites and shopping venues .
1	i love the chips and salsa but this time dinner included tamales , brisket , and smoked , grilled chicken enchiladas . everything was excellent ! tried " the elmo " ( mojito with tequila ) and it was awesome . i highly recommend thinking ahead and making a reservation . it seems there is always some sort of wait , and the only real downfall of this place is limited space to wait or get a drink while waiting .
1	thank you raudel ! ! ! ! you always very kind with us , and one more time we enjoy carne assad plate ! ! carne asada quesadilla , and chiken finger , for the little one
1	excellent food , excellent staff , and excellent prices . try the ricky ricardo !
1	it is about as mexicany as it gets . i am not sure if it is authentic representation of mexican restaurants or if it is a parody but either way its a lot of fun and the food is great .
1	you will love this place . come for either lunch or dinner . will not disappoint . ..
1	so i came across the street to gerardo 's and of course it was open . this time around i got the asada burrito ( take home ) . the burrito was very good and filled with meat , not rice and beans . in fact i didn 't even know it had rice and beans until i was almost done because there was so little of it and a lot of meat . the burrito also includes onion , cilantro as well and a good amount of avocado , not just a guacamole mix . i will be coming again and trying something new . so far i have had no disappointments .
1	this place is becoming one of my fav stops . good thing it 's on the way home from soccer . perfect end to an afternoon of soccer . what 's funny is who knew this place would be so good for a cheeseburger . yea , they have a cheeseburger on the lunch specials . can 't wait to go back and keep working my way through the menu .
1	great food at great prices ! when the staff is having fun the result is excellent food and a great environment !
1	i don 't know too many other places that serve a fishbowl-sized 1800 margarita for $ 6.50 at lunchtime . yep , bring back the liquid lunch . see my previous reviews on the food . solid choice every time . hiccup .
1	excellent seafood cocktails culiacan style . when in vegas , go there . it is only 10 minutes on the freeway from the strip .
1	i 'm in love ! ! ! food here is super tasty and fresh . the owners are adorable ! it 's awesome to find amazing and otherwise never to be known eateries on yelp . for a cute lil mom and pop spot , with charm and authenticity and deliciously soulful food , mi comida restaurante latino takes the cake !
1	if you love spanish cuisine then give this place a try ! my favorite restaurant to date !
1	seems more authentic than quite a few other places . menu options were plentiful . hubby ordered enchiladas with a beer and i landed on pork tacos with a margarita . both of us were happy with our selections .
1	often overlooked behind the massive underwhelming line from lady marmalade . one of the only places that serve food past 3pm in a sunday ( hangover brunch ) . their eggs anything are divine . pizza are also crispy and smothered in cheese - they know the way to my heart . favorite thing : those damn meatballs . soooooo cheesy and juicy and just the right amount of tomato sauce to make every bite heavenly . my go to hangover brunch spot : ) highly recommend !
1	i 've only gone one time b / c it 's so far east , but the tacos here are top notch. the pastor pork is simply amazing , great spices and flavoring . they also offer chorizo , which is very good as well . a wide variety in toppings , and the big chimichanga was unique and quite good . not a lot of taquerias in cleveland , so this place needs to stick around .
1	very fresh and tasty mexican authentic flavours . tacos , burritos and quesadilla are all filled with great looking quality veggies and the meat ( shredded chicken , ground beef , steak ) is all seasoned very nicely with authentic flavours . staff is very friendly and care about each meal . great price and they serve beer now .
1	we were treated so well here by multiple waiters - we visited a few times for lunch . wait staff is incredibly accommodating , friendly and eager to please - say hi to jose and eric for us : - ) food was fabulous ! definitely order the guacamole - fresh , fresh , fresh ; and even their chips were delicious ! great variety in the menu for a mexican restaurant - tacos were terrific , and so was the quinoa salad ! all-in-all , an excellent value - something that is not terribly easy to find along the strip , ( outside of fast food ) ! highly recommend you visit !
1	this was our first visit and the place did not disappoint us . we are sure to visit here again to try the other items on the menu . their portions are pretty big and for the price , i would say it 's cheap ! it 's not like any other restaurant , simple interiors , good enough chairs to sit and enjoy the food .
1	beers and specialty drinks are unique and tasty . food is simple and packed with a punch of favor . my favorite is the street taco plate with one of each : chicken chorizo , carne asada , and swordfish ( ! ) . the guacamole is fresh and zesty , and the accompanying side of beans is a soft and savory addition to the tacos . happy hour here is phenomenal , with the above mentioned dish ( along with numerous others ) at half price , and $ 5 beer pitchers and drink specials !
1	if you understand and appreciate southwest-style mexican food , you 'd wanna give this place 6 stars . honestly , i have not had a better burrito outside of southern california or arizona than what i get at los cabos . ( and i 've lived in chicago , texas and all over the east coast ) . with that said , if you 're looking for a trendy date night / hot spot , this is probably not it .
1	) . have been there for lunch during the week , dinner with family , friends , out of town guests ; snacks / happy hour and no one has been disappointed . always have the mahi , salmon , and / or chicken tacos . others have had and enjoyed the short ribs , al pastor , beer-battered avocado . ... and the people and the interior decor is really welcoming , warm and you couldn 't ask for more . we may be addicted .
1	went there with a large group and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves . try the sugarcane lemonade - yummy . loved their quinoa salad - light and fresh . we tried six arepas and enjoyed all of them . the standouts are the roasted pork , carne mechada , and pabellon . both the tostones and empanadas are good . loved their spicy sauce . for dessert you must try the tres leches cake .
1	they treat you like family . the food is great no matter what you get and you get more then you expect too . don 't be fooled by the small venue , the inside is very nice . it is also byob .
1	great spot to hang out with friends and watch the game and eat some good mexican-american food . the fully loaded quesadilla is highly recommended as well .
1	i personally love the asada breakfast burrito . total goodness . but ..... after the last stop here , here 's what i noticed . one employee , she took my order and went back herself and made my burrito and this time it was tiny , not my usual plump fat burrito . hmmmm ...... hope i caught it on an off day .
1	one of those places where you know it will be good . can 't find the consistency anymore that this place offers in food and service .
1	there was a bit of confusion wether you 're able to order happy hour food at only the bar or the bar and table , but i was able to get the happy hour food pricing at a table luckily . we started out the meal with complimentary chips , salsa , bean dip , grilled onion and peppers . all very tasty ! for an entree i had the tilapia fish tacos . i obviously went with corn tortillas because who orders flour , gross . the flavor was delicious and the tacos were huge ! they def did not skimp on the fish either . i would definitely come back here again ! very quick service , awesome food and a convenient location .
1	you walk in and small the meat cooking . they were fairly busy during lunch , but they move very quickly . and the salsa bar is amazing ! ! will definitely be back to try other items on the menu !
1	add to the delish food our knowledgeable and attentive , yet not pushy , service by wendy and our night was complete . tuna and scallops were beyond expectations . you cannot go wrong with ibiza !
1	food is fresh , hot and delicious . staff are amazing , always coming by to check in if you need anythig . empty plates are removed fast . oh go back a step ..... first thing you have to order is the white wine sangria . does it have a bang , one glass and i was smiling . the best i 've tasted in a long time . the tacos are small but delicious so i suggest you order three . so much flavour . we started off with fresh nachos and guacamole again very dangerous , i couldn 't stop eating . the restaurant is small but has a lot of character , nice ambience and friendly . want to go back real soon .
1	but being in vegas makes it it that much better ! plus they have $ 10 carne asada / adobada fries ! ! ! my recommendation : lengua ! ! ! tongue !
1	delicious ! i used to eat here four times a week for lunch - love the chicken and shrimp fajitas . ice cold cerveza and great margaritas . the atmosphere is so-so but the food is always amazing and fast !
1	real cheese , tasty salsas , jovial atmosphere , you can 't ask for more . the tostada is perfect , i couldn 't have made a better cheese enchilada myself . this isn 't scary authentic mexican food ( no brains or entrails on this menu ! ) but it isn 't a whitewashed liquid queso nightmare either . good food , good atmosphere all at a decent price .
1	we sat at the bar and learned all about tequila from the friendliest , loveliest bartender . the menu had attitude : spice and authenticity . we settled on margaritas ( with smoked horcata , sweetened with maple syrup ) and some tacos . both were delicious . service was superb - the chef brought out our dishes and explained their intricacies himself . i 'll be back , fonda lola !
1	the burrito shack does not disappoint ! ! great food , i mean great food ! really reasonable prices and a fun feel ! ! this is our new saturday spot ! ! !
1	the food is always great , fresh and promptly served in a casual atmosphere , but what makes it great if the highly positive attitude of the staff .
1	try the fried shrimp tacos . really hits the spot .
1	employees are extremely nice and pleasant to eat there . good real juicy burgers that taste fresh and can get a bit messy . a nice change of pace in the burger world .
1	pricey but food was hella bomb ! i guarantee you that this place is really the best . from the free chips and salsas to all our other orders were all good ! we 'll be back here again ! seems this place has good liquor stuff too , better try it ! !
1	i enjoyed the upbeat music , delicious food , and overall enjoyable atmosphere . i 'd come back again : - )
1	relaxed atmosphere . cool , friendly staff . no crowds . kick ass carnitas ! do it .
1	coffee , bar , breakfast and .. t-shirts ? ? best coffee i 've ever had , had to go with the most renowned coffee they offer so got the lavender infused latte and the honey vanilla iced latte .. both surpass the competition .. for a hot drink the lavender infused is a cozy and decedent choice where as the honey vanilla is a bright uplifting cold drink . also had to buy a shirt for my girl when we stopped here . they have a strong selection of well designed and manufactured t-shirts and tanks . def worth stopping here if you 're in vegas .
1	the lunch portions are equal to the dinner plates and a meal that runs you $ 9 at dinner is only $ 6.50 at lunch . it 's a bargain , and the food is tasty . the menu has good options , like the taco plate with al pastor and carne asada or a loaded cheese covered chimichanga . service has never been bad and the last time our lunch group went we had an exceptional server . my dinner experiences are fine here but it stands out for lunch in all the best ways . sometimes the wait for the food is just a bit long , that 's my only knock , but it 's worth it .
1	simply the best i 've ever had outside of california . can 't wait to go back .
1	their happy hours deals are hard to beat , and who can resist a yinzerita ?
1	i will agree with some other reviewers that holding yourself out to have the " greatest carne asada in the history of creation " might build the expectations up a bit high , but i sure didn 't leave disappointed . i had a regular carne asada burrito ( around $ 6 ) and a pacifico ( $ 2 all weekend ) and was in heaven . the meat was juicy and flavorful , the pico was fresh and added a crispness that was really nice , and the onions were caramelized well . i can 't wait until the fall to make use of the patio and take better advantage of the cheap beers all weekend .
1	the menu is original and the authentic peruvian style cuisine is unlike anything you can try at most places , and at a good price ( $ 10-12 per person ) . this place has great food , and big portions , but don 't got there expecting much besides their specialties : rotisserie chicken , rice , sandwiches , and great , great sauces . the place is well decorated and has a nice outdoor patio , and the service is polite and friendly .
1	it must be tough selling mexican food in this area- lots of good places to go . but , lucha is one of the best . the recipes are the families originals . the food is very authentic and plentiful . flavors are amazing ! ! previous reviews have touched on the meats , variety and options available , so i will save you the reading . all the quicker to get over there ! ! ! go ! ! runnn !
1	had the veggie arepa and the guava pastel with a side of tostones - flavorful , fresh food and filling !
1	my husband said he had the best burrito he has ever had and everyone else in our party got tacos and were quite pleased . happy hour is a great deal with $ 5 margaritas that are strong . would go back often if we lived there !
1	i recommend the medianoche and corn fritters ( the veggie medianoche , for the vegetarians ) .
1	the sauces are on point along with all of the go-to menu items . fresh & authentic flavor win a great price !
1	the pork belly tacos were the best of the three tacos i tried , although all of them were amazing ! the pork belly was crispy , the glaze was amazing and they 're very generous with portions ! i also tried the chana masala tacos and the chicken tacos , which were very flavorful . i am definitely going to come back later to try their other offerings : d
1	we were in town last summer and found this place because we 're atmosphere freaks and the large window allows drivers-by to see what they 're getting . the food was fantastic , the waiter was great , the wines were tasty . we shared a couple of champagne flights with our tapas and we 've pledged to return everytime we 're in the burgh . a great place for upscale eats on e carson .
1	there 's a reason why it 's been around for 20 + years . there 's always cheap beer and food specials each night of the week . over the past several years , the vegetarian menu has been growing to include several vegan items , including vegan cupcakes ! one of the newest additions to the vegan menu items is the vegan burro favorito . the non-veg burro favorito is probably the best thing on the menu ( it was my favorite when i wasn 't veg ) . i don 't live in the city anymore , but this is the only place i miss in toronto ! if you 're visiting , go and experience what no other place in toronto can offer !
1	staff friendly and menu is great . the brussels sprouts are delish and the salted caramel latte is the best !
1	i had the rock shrimp tacos and they were delicious . the chips and salsa were also very good , the salsa clung well to the chips . the service was great and the manager makes you feel welcome . a fair warning , if you 're really hungry and getting tacos , you may want to get an appetizer or two orders . each order has two tacos , about 3.5 or 4 inches across .
1	the employees are friendly and the food is awesome .
1	the atmosphere was calm , the dining room is clean , and the service is on point . beware of the salsa possibly a little too hot but the food has always come out good here for me and my family . if there 's a mistake , just kindly let them know and it 'll be fixed for you . shoot all we did tonight was mention that the avocado salsa was super hot this time and we were offered to have our meals remade . thank you for your customer service . we will continue to patronize this establishment .
1	my wife and i wanted to try half the menu - what we got was great and we cant wait to get back and try some more . service was 5 star as well - everyone friendly and helpful . basic pancakes and bacon for the daughter was a plus . patio is a plus plus .
1	my wife ordered fish tacos and i had the enchiladas . they started off with a generous bowl of chips and hot ( temp ) and cold dishes of salsa . loved the salsas , especially the warm one . our dishes were well presented and generous , and were both delicious . the wait-staff was exceptional and when our leftover boxes were prepared our waiter made sure there were some chips and warm salsa bagged to go . cantina laredo is now our favorite ! ! !
1	we came across this place via yelp and i highly recommend that if when visiting las vegas and need a menudo to cure your hangover ... come eat here ! ! ! my friend had menudo with homemade corn tortillas and said it was delicious ! i had the huevos rancheros and the tostada underneath the slightly over fried eggs ( yum ! ! ) with salsa smothered on top were superrrrr tasty ! ! ! when we are visiting las vegas again ... we will definitely come here again ! ! !
1	authentic mexican cuisine , good service and nice decor . we 'll be back !
1	the service was fast & very friendly . the food was excellent . loved having 3 salsas with our chips . the decor was fun & festive . the outdoor seating area was pleasant . worth the short drive from scottsdale & fun to walk around after or before at the quirky shops in cave creek .
1	one of our new favorites , the santa fe style food here is some of the best to be found in the valley . the atmosphere inside is quite charming and our server was attentive and friendly . highly recommended .
1	the prices are great , food was awesome and authentic . our server was attentive and fast with our requests . i got the beef chimichanga and chorizo enchilada . i 'd recommend getting the guacamole as well .
1	a great fusion of americanized chinese cuisine with mexican style .
1	happy hour every day , twice a day . never disappoints ! !
1	$ 2.50 for chicken , chorizo , steak , and another i forget . huge portions of meat served on two grilled corn tortillas with a salsa / veggie bar to add on whatever else . the chicken was awesome , the chorizo i liked less . veggies were super fresh and i loved that you could pile on as much as you wanted . definitely worth a trip .
1	their breakfast burritos are outstanding , cheap , and ginormous .
1	very clean and the tapas are excellent . definitely a solid place to get some food , drinks , and hookah ! i had the summer melon for my hookah . definitely will return for other flavors .
1	the food was delicious and authentic . perfect for sharing . the servers are friendly and the drinks great . i recommend the gypsy milk and sour bulgarian cocktails .
1	we have been there on several occasions for lunch and most recently for dinner - they never disappoint ! friendly staff , and while you do have to go to the counter to order they are very attentive to your needs and ensure that you have an enjoyable meal . the styrofoam plates and plastic ware that others have complained about is petty - what matters is what 's on the plate ! delicious and authentic , worth every penny ( it isn 't expensive ) .
1	super low key and relaxed vibes , a unique blend of delicious mexican , asian and american style food . my server jose was prompt , friendly and accommodating . will definitely be back each time i come to phoenix . the tacos and general tao chicken are fuego !
1	great happy hour and the staff and owners are marvelous . they just changed owners , so look for some great new things on the horizon !
1	lots of salsa / sauce options to go on your tacos .
1	just spicy enough & there 's plenty for 2 servings . all of the employees at the window service have been very nice & all the food is affordably priced ! you can eat-in or sit outside but it is a busy intersection , if traffic noise bothers you .
1	delicious local flavor , great taste and excellent value . asombroso !
1	it 's intimate with tables inside and out . byob and bring some friends and have a wonderful evening . make reservations to be sure you have a table . enjoy !
1	the prices were fair and the food was great . all the workers were extremely friendly . definitely will return to try additional items !
1	i recommend trying around either 11 : 30 or waiting until after 1 p.m. to get some great eats here . standard chipotle fair , and the service is fast , efficient and very friendly . i also recommend their online ordering service . pick your meal from the comfort of your desk , select a time , and even pay if you want to . the food is ready to go when you arrive and all you have to do is walk straight to the front cashier and take it away ! overall : a great lunch spot for some good food . try online ordering . parking lot can get packed at peak times !
1	very attentive staff ..... a basket of chips and salsa arrive at your table the minute you are seated . meals come out quickly .... and hot . my fajitas were steaming for a long time . menu selection is overwhelming and prices are very reasonable . all the employees are friendly and make you feel like family . highly recommend
1	if you blink you 'll miss it . exellent taste and great portion size . we went there for lunch and loved it . very clean and friendly .
1	a great neighborhood taco shop and you can 't beat the happy hour til 8 !
1	i went there last tuesday for lunch for the second time and had a selection of street tacos . the food is tasty and the price can 't be beat tuesday half price tacos . very fast service and the restaurant service areas were spotless .
1	best alfajores i 've ever had , no lie . great ambiance and friendly , social staff .
1	fresh and diverse menu with great atmosphere . certainly a new favourite .
1	had fajitas and enchiladas both were awesome ! i was pleasantly surprised by the beautiful bar , patio and tequila list .
1	my tacos authenticos were excellent , one steak and one shredded chicken . they have a nice selection of salsa , pico , and other condiments for your meal . hot salsa is indeed hot , and pico had a nice flavor with lots of cilantro . menu is comprehensive , and look forward to exploring the same .
1	the girl that served us was a real delight and the food was excellent . at 16 $ for two people an excellent value as well . i absolutely recommend it for a quick lunch !
1	quality is written all over this restaurant . from the start , quality chips and fresh salsa . followed by table side guacamole , that was great ! finished with the duck carnitas and pollo tinga tacos . they were both great . give this place a try , it won 't disappoint !
1	we really needed a new music venue here , and crescent ballroom really delivers . great sound quality- i saw washed out last night and it couldn 't have sounded better .
1	me and my wife shared the salmon pizza and the gorgonzola pasta . she ate until she couldn 't eat anymore , which i was happy because i finished the rest . great food at a fair price all sustainably sourced . how could you go wrong .
1	i haven 't been to one since i moved to new mexico ( outside of trips back to cali ) and introduced my friend to it the minute i saw it across the way . crowded but pleasant , and quick with service , it has great fries , good people , and great burgers ! please oh please , make your way to new mexico !
1	and if you like salsa this is your dream come true place . i would highly recommend trying a couple of the tacos along with some if the signature drinks .
1	come grab a quick bite . desserts are great . our waiter pedro was amazing so attentive and acommedating . our best waiter in our 1 week stay in las vegas .
1	i 've been several times and the food and service have always been good . the chicken burrito lunch special is a really good deal , especially with the habanero sauce on it .
1	good service ! margaritas were small for a texan but good . order the enchiladas suizas ! muy bueno ! we also ordered combo fajitas and the chicken quesadilla . the best though were the enchiladad !
1	i really enjoyed the pupusas and the horchata was very authentic .
1	i 've been here a few times , and each time i 've found something else on the menu i like . the service is great , and the owner came around to see if we enjoyed our food ! i will be going back soon !
1	great choice of private wine importations . a definite must in montreal !
1	all items are imported . they have a plethora of items to choose from including fresh produce , frozen foods , staples , art , clothing and the like ! they even have a restaurant inside where you can get homemade tacos for $ 2.50 ! guacamole is to die for ! churizzos were flavourful ! ! need some imported spices then come here to buy ! moderate prices !
1	i and two of my friends visited this place couple of times . their guacamole was the best i have ever had , on a little spicier side though . everything on the menu was great . a must try for everyone .
1	the pastor tacos were on point ! and the roasted jalapeños on the salsa bar added the perfect touch of heat to the tacos .
1	i had the tacos al pastor , elote corn , carne asada tacos , chips and guacamole , salsa , and refried beans . everything was delicious !
1	a great place to go on a date night : ) i went here on a busy friday night , and the service was so nice and fast , despite it being a little packed that night ... i recommend this place , has such yummy chicken and ravioli : )
1	the food is great and worth the price . while it 's not too expensive , you do pay more than a dollar per taco like at taco bell . the tordas are exquisite and quite large . i savored every bit of it as i sipped my mango cocktail . very nice !
1	i love their bean burrito although they have plenty of other great items that is my go to . i 've seen the melvins , hanni el khatib , naughty by nature , and coolio here . every night at crescent is an adventure and sure to please . great staff and local ownership make this a great place any night of the week . 1 block from a light rail stop makes it easy to visit .
1	this place is so good they made two right down the street from each other . there both pretty small so trying to walk in wont work and calling right before you won 't work either . but the people are friendly and always ask what the recommend because there are some pretty crazy good dishes ! it 's reasonably priced too .
1	i stop by all the time . their flour tortillas are always warm and delicious i am a sucker for great tasting mexican food and this place is ten times better than any filibertos . definitely worth it if your near by . go check it out if you can .
1	they usually have 2 different lunch specials for only $ 5.99 which usually consists of meat ( i 've had fish , pork , chicken and beef on different occasions ) , rice , salad , sweet plantains and their soup of the day . i also order an empanada ( only $ 1 ) on the side if i 'm really hungry . the service here is quick , nice and attentive . they also just opened another location in the food court at plaza fiesta across from carowinds ( lunch special is $ 4.99 , portions are just a little smaller but still very filling . )
1	they go above and beyond for their customer . try the buffet you will not be disappointed . bacon is cooked to perfection . fruit is fresh and the seating is perfect for large groups .
1	nice variety on the menu . a little bit of everything . had the shrimp tacos and they were excellent . the chips they bring you when you were seated are to die for ! once you think the meal was over when they bring you the check , it is accompanied with white chocolate ! we will definitely be back
1	a tad loud , but when i went ( saturday evening ) , it was to be expected ; 5 ) the nachos - we got a mountain of nachos , far more than i expected , and they were excellent ; 6 ) margaritas - we got a pitcher of them , and we got plenty of delicious margaritas to go around ! all-in-all , a taco spot that is fun and definitely worth checking out .
1	venezuelan specialties as well as empanadas and arepas . we tried the beef empanada with both house made sauces on the side and it was excellent . we also had a cuban sandwich and lucy 's favorite , both of which were top notch . eric was a great host and took time to explain all the different options . the restaurant is small and very well cared for . skip the local chains and all the familiar spots and grab lunch here . there also serve breakfast all day .
1	the tapas are outstanding . the drinks even better . sit at the bar while waiting on a table . great mojitos ( great pours ! ! ) . the process is just order once you finish the selection you made as these are small portion dishes . would suggest starting out with the warm spinach salad , then onto one or two of the different tapas . so stop by this place before you explore vegas .
1	my girlfriend and i were looking for authentic mexican food for dinner and stumbled in . i order the chili verde and she got tacos . we were both impressed with the quality and flavor of the entrees . the guacamole is delicious as are the home made tortilla chips . the prices are fair and the staff kind and helpful . i highly recommend this restaurant as a go to neighborhood taqueria .
1	we bought various food items and served up street tacos for a large group last night . i 'll be using the leftovers to make huevos rancheros tonight . everything is delicious . i 'll be taking my friends to see it for themselves . connie surprise , az
1	this place features a common and vegan menu ! with plenty of options to choose from both . the dining area was nice and clean with adorable decorations and the staff was lovely and friendly . the meals were affordable and flavorful . the presentations were very nice and clean . their elote and horchata were to die for ! ! ! the only down side may be the area but it is worth the drive .
1	the dishes aren 't cheap , but ordering a few to share makes it more doable . we had a cold lobster salad crustini dish , a braised ox cheek over mashed potatoes , and a big meat paella to share . there 's also an espresso dessert drink that was awesome . perk : they make their desserts in house - including the best molten lava cake i 've had in my life .
1	agreed - best mojitos ever. the rum doesn 't have that chemically taste and its just the right sweetness without being too syrupy. the sugar cane soaks up the flavors of the mojito and is a special treat. the portions of the the tapas here are just enough to share and feel satisfied. waitstaff is very helpful without being too pushy. al fresco dining at its best .
1	our faves at el trompo are the chorizo and al pastor tacos as well as the molten cheese . highly recommend this place .
1	these folks will most certainly move up to more grand surroundings as if they continue produce such excellent and fresh mexican inspired food .....
1	just wanted to add that their steaks are also amazing . great place , owner always remembers my name !
1	this spot has a great modern vibe . the food was incredible ! server was very helpful in recommending and explaining the dishes . a must try if you like indian . very authentic and fresh ingredients .
1	agree with meridith h ....... just like to add they have unbelievable margaritas too !
1	we were bummed out when the fry bread house east closed with their delicious fry bread tacos . the fry bread at maria 's is just as good and they have good mexican food as a plus . be back soon !
1	the food really was great , the environment was really laid back , and they have a really long list of great drinks ( mostly tequila ) . i definitely recommend the tacos and also the guacamole !
1	it was phenomenal . great red sangria pitchers , stuffed dates , ahi tuna cones , and the calamari ! rounds of small tapas and drinks are perfect for a night in vegas , and the service was impeccable ( which i think is hard to find in vegas . )
1	kori at el segundo sol did an amazing job of organizing it for us . we had a perfectly sized private room , were able to order off the full menu ( every other restaurant wanted us to pick from a $ 65 per person + + fixed menu ) , and paying the check was a breeze . great service and surprisingly great food-- i expected it to be your typical mexican cuisine , but it was delicious , and moderately priced for the strip . huge drinks menu as well , which was a winner for our group . i definitely recommend this place if you 're looking for somewhere to take a group-- and kori is super helpful !
1	since it was , they offered samples of all the beef , pork and chicken flavors . we all got the 3 large tacos in the following flavors : barbacoa beef , the green chile chicken / beef and the tinga chicken . yum ! ! ! ! ! ! they were incredibly delicious and we will be back- a lot ! ! my personal fav was the green chile beef / chicken . had a kick to them , and oh-so-yummy ! ! what a great find- thank you , yelp ! !
1	amazing tacos ! there is such a variety of taco fillings and meat . the guacamole and chips are also a must-have . they have a really good chips to guacamole ratio , and even offered us more chips after . great food , customer service , and ambiance . can 't wait to come back to vegas so we can eat here again .
1	the food was super yummy and so were the drinks ( margaritas , sangrias , and beer ) . jon was our server and he was so awesome ! he was really friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu ( the food and the drinks ) . we can 't wait to go back ! : )
1	we partook in a tasting menu , which was amazing and fairly affordable given the amount of food we ate ( $ 50.00 / person ) . we all left glowing and feeling spoiled . thanks for the amazing night !
1	they have unlimited tapas and for additional you can have unlimited mimosas . the mimosas were fantastic . they have 10 different flavors and the waiter put up with 8 girls so he did great ! the food was absolutely perfect . he gave us a bunch of great selections and they let us order in shifts . we weren 't rushed out after an hour or so . just beware that the price is a little pricey i think i paid around $ 80 with unlimited tapas and mimosa and tip , but that 's just for one person . definitely a place for celebration when you 're willing to spend a little more ! great service and wonderful food !
1	it took an extra 30 min to be seated which was frustrating because it had taken an hour to be seated . the issue had been brought to the manager 's attention by one of the employees , and manuel ( the manager ) found us to express his apologies and acknowledged the frustration . he was extremely friendly and really made it up to us and took care of us . our waiter franco was friendly and brought everything out on time . the food was awesome ! they truly redeemed themselves and would definitely eat there again !
1	we sampled many different tapas , all wonderful . the one we particularly enjoyed was the cauliflower dish with cabbage and cashews . it was so good we ordered multiple plates . while we arrived early and were seated right away , when we left there was a wait list . it is a good idea to make a reservation .
1	the cozy candlelit atmosphere was very inviting . the food was phenomenal ! the empanadas are a must for an appetizer . the crust was golden and perfectly and evenly cooked . that was followed by the most flavorful short rib enchiladas i 've ever had . the seasonal ( blueberry ) sangria was the perfect addition to a magnificent meal . my boyfriend & i both found ourselves taking smaller bites and eating more slowly in an attempt to savor every morsel and prolong our dining experience . will definitely be going back when the rain stops and hopefully sit in the courtyard for some live music .
1	real authentic . shrimp cocktail was ok . owner is very nice .
1	in loooove ! food is also so good and service was quick ( we visited around 4 on a friday ) but all around really good and would definitely keep coming back , yum !
1	love the carne asada . i usually get the burrito . always good .
1	the best in the valley , try the jugo de verde ( with lime , pineapple , cactus ) and horchata and cantaloupe if they have it . the food is also great , not the healthiest , but definitely yummy .
1	my favorite mexican spot ! if you haven 't tried it , what are you waiting for ? adobada , carne asada , lengua and adobada fries are a must try . eat the adobada last cause it 's the best ! i went to mexico and came back . i love this place !
1	a halmark of delicious mexican food , if you haven 't had it , you owe it to yourself to try try it ! !
1	hand-made corn-flour bread that 's 100 % gluten free tastes awesome . the la sunera ( $ 9 ) i ordered included an amazing avocado sauce and pork mix , and had a side of unlimited hot sauce ( super spicy and awesome ) and an extra mix of creamy avocado sauce on the side . the chicken soup ( $ 5 ) was also very hearty , with potato , corn and shredded chicken . really tasted homemade , with more emphasis on the chicken soup than thickener . would definitely come again , a true hidden gem in montreal .
1	the tacos are amazing , of course . my personal favorite was the mole taco but it 's hard to pick just one because everything i had was so good . wonderful interior décor and a very relaxed and intimate atmosphere . i fully intend to come here as often as i can . oh , and the horchata was phenomenal . all in all , easily the best taco place i have been to .
1	i 'm such a fan of the burrito bowls but hate the burritos -- too much tortilla ruins the flavor for me . great and fast service . drink area is in a bit of an odd place and this location is packed at lunch -- avoid this area if you can between 12 : 00pm and 1 : 00pm monday-friday .
1	went on saturday for the mundo. we got there right before the crowd hit ! place got packed so quick. the food was perfect .
1	just like it 's other locations it doesn 't disappoint . fresh ingredients and it caters to vegetarians , meatarians , and those with gluten intolerance . vegans enter at your own risk but it 's worth it i promise you ! ( chicken , beef , halibut , pollock , veggie soy , sweet potato ... equals yum ) just like its other locations , you place your order , wait for your number to be called , indicate your toppings / fillings ( naked burrito / burrito / quesdilla ) and wait with hungry anticipation for your final personalized delicious concoction . as always like the other locations you can also call ahead for big orders !
1	man i forgot how good this stuff is . carolina 's makes the best there is . just like nana used to make . my recomendation is the # 5 carne seca combo , get and extra tortilla and forget the fork . tear off a bit of torrtilla and grab it up - finger licking good !
1	you never disappoint ! another one of my " go - to spots , " my best friend and i frequent here . salsa is okay . margaritas are always good ! everything i have ordered here has been yummy . i 'm obsessed with cheese enchiladas though . and the rice and beans is soo good ! they can make guac at your table . guac ! @ the table ! ! ! and if you 're lucky , you 'll get the live mariachis to sing for you . don 't forget to tip them ! don 't forget to save room for the oh so delicious caramel cheesecake . it 's a must have ! !
1	this place is terrific . i can 't say enough good things about them . the food is fantastic , the staff is friendly , the service is lightening fast . don 't have much time for lunch ? here 's your place . i can 't wait to get into town to try their breakfast burritos someday soon !
1	deliciousness in a bowl wow this is my favourite place in the world . chicken bowls are my best friends .
1	i was out with some people at the history center and we all caught the hungry train so we jetted down to the strip and snuck into this place . it was crowded but the smells coming out of the kitchen were worth the rather quick wait to the register to order . there were five of us there so one person ran outside by the place to secure a spot to sit so by the time we all ordered we had enough chairs to sit down and enjoy . i got the carne sandwich with lomo and it was more than enough to fulfill my dreams . i enjoyed every bite and intend to go back to try the rest of the menu ! highly recommend !
1	i love the bean & cheese burrito both america 's & terry 's way ! ! ! also , the el pastor taco is a sure win ! not sure what else pastor is ? oh man , slow cooked marinated pork & they put slivered pineapple on top ! great chips & salsa ! i usually get the mild salsa but i 'm sure the spicy is delicious too ! the food is always great ! fan for life ! i find that it 's a great place to pick up to go , but a nice enough casual dine in spot too ! if you haven 't tried it , you must ! plus , it 's local ! yay !
1	some of the best fish tacos i have ever had ! ! ! ! ! !
1	best asadero tacos ! ! the sauce and onion cilantro mix make these tacos bomb ! a must have .
1	i 'm hooked and love it . awesome beans . great prices . great margarita . wish i lived closer !
1	this is a must visit food experience ! make sure you are hungry . make reservations early ! great service . pricey ... but worth it
1	from start to finish . superb . prickly pear sorbet to finish my meal : ) we had a party of 5 & sat on the patio on a spring night . wonderful service ashlee .
1	great atmosphere and super friendly staff . i got an order of the lamb and went up to order seconds . portions were smaller than i expected but so delicious i did not mind having to get up and get more .
1	my favorite red and green chilli burritos in town . fresh , spicy , flavorful , and their tortillas are soft and homemade . i 've bought 8 one day and shared them with my coworkers . their taste buds were also in heaven . there is a reason why this place has been in business for so long ! go there today !
1	anytime i find myself in this side of town i have to stop by , my favorite is the carne asada arepa , with a side of plaintains ! introduced my family to it and even though they are picky eaters they still found something they liked ! service is exceptional also , i can always count on them to suggest something yummy ! ! i can 't say enough if you haven 't been yet you need to go ! !
1	everything tasted so flavorful and different from anything i 've ever had . this was only the second time i 've ever had peruvian food , but would definitely like to try more . it was a little pricey i think , but delicious .
1	guys that make the food are super nice . loved all the sf decor . will definitely be back .
1	but they have really great asada tacos and their salsa is good quality too . friendly guy works there , we had a good chat about mexico .
1	cheap and the best mexican food around ! new bar is awesome ! jake is the best bartender ever
1	we have to go here every time we 're in vegas . i 've never had a bad meal here and the waitstaff is top notch , not to mention a great location . the assorted breads they bring out are delicious . this time i had the shrimp tacos which were the perfect lunch serving . 2 skewers of shrimp grilled perfectly alongside fresh cabbage slaw and 2 grilled corn tortillas . whether in vegas or nyc you must try this place and fall in love as i have .
1	i truly dont even know where to start . i just spent an easy $ 40 here and it was so worth it ! ive been looking for a puerto rican kitchen out here since i moved here 3 years ago ! i finally found it ! being inside felt like home ! and the food was incredible ! ! ! the meat just falls apart or right off the bone ! i was disappointed by nothing ! the gentlemen that assisted me did a great job also ! at least try it once , thats all it takes ! thank you guys !
1	and old trusty favorite . this is what i love about roberto 's , no matter what time it is , breakfast lunch or even dinner , i know that my carne asada fries are going to to be amazing and so yummy . the cure to any hangover if you haven 't tried it yet will be the carne asada burrito . it 's a roberto 's standard and a cure all . happy eating at my favorite hole in the wall .
1	the ones here are even better . this was my first visit in about 6 months . forgot how good they are . i had the carne which is always a solid choice . i took a co-worker who was a bit reluctant at first , but seemed to really enjoy the spicy pork . also , they have a munch of flavors of horchata , and coca cola with real sugar .
1	just to the east of the awesome king tut 's cafe , it is the number one late night drunken mexican food place in tempe . get the three rolled tacos with cheese . i recouped many times in the parking lot . nice people and awesome food . it will make you shit though . possibly in your pants .
1	best mexican food i 've had in a very longtime . food cooked fresh daily by the wife , and she knows how to cook . this is our 5th time here and it has been consistance . love the famy atmosphere . the place is spotless and it smells like heaven when you walk in . they make the best pozole in the weekend . you have to try it , you won 't be sorry .
1	can 't find any better or more authentic mexican food , promise .
1	they have the best micheladas i have ever tasted and make it a point to drop in everytime i am in town with family and or friends .
1	the atmosphere and decor are authentic of mexican culture . very clean , very festive . their staff is very friendly and helpful . we ordered to go . i couldn 't decide between the entomatadas or the enchiladas verdes so we got half and half , since the order comes with four enchiladas . while we waited i was served a sopa de fideo that was delish ! their tortillas and sauces are handmade daily . was very pleased . will definitely come again .
1	great little mexican restaurant inside doc holidays . they have a daily special for only $ 5 that includes a drink . food has great flavor and the service is good ! even after being away since june , the owner recognized us ! that is great customer service : ) !
1	if you want authentic honduran , columbian , and mexican this is the place ! the staff is very helpful and friendly and the food is absolutely wonderful . i 've tried steak , shrimp , chicken , rice , beans and a salad . they 're all good . a bit pricey for the specialties but definitely worth it ! must try . oh yeah margaritas are definitely worth it they hook em uuuup !
1	seafood is amazing and cheap for bay area standard . so good ! worth the walk from fremont street . beware , their mild is pretty spicy . well worth recommending to all seafood lovers . mixed ceviche tostada shrimp empanada prepared oysters ( good for 2 people and im still trying to finish for 1 tummy )
1	their happy hour prices are great . i loved their revolving menu of cocktails , the orange beef tacos , goat cheese mouse , fried olives , and moscow miles . overall this place had fantastic food for a decent price in a very cool artistic space .
1	incredible service and amazing food , especially the venezuelan arepas , cachapas , empanadas and tequeños ! i can 't go a week without it .
1	a hidden gem in the plaza hotel ... definitely worth stopping in if you don 't get side tracked by hash house .. really good tacos .. nachos .. heck even the salad was amazing
1	the service is impeccable and the portions are right on for tapas . the tuna tartare is a favorite of mine . the sangria is a definite hit . you see it on almost every table . i highly recommend firefly * on your next trip .
1	i first came across this place by fluke while searching on yelp for new places that have opened in the area . my first experience there was great ! had the chorizo burrito and it was delicious . the owner was very friendly and helpful . he explained the menu to me and made some recommendations . i have been back many times and never been disappointed ! new favorite is the fish tacos with a side of guacamole !
1	homemade authentic mexican food . good customer service friendly staff made for a very enjoyable dinner with family .
1	love the food ! ! ! the restaurant is family owned and they are super friendly ! ! definitely recommend and will be coming back
1	it 's tucked away in the parking lot behind the mexican restaurant . entering it felt like we were away on vacation ... the music , smell of the spices , the owner 's stories .... the food is fresh , generous portions , tons of flavor , not over salted and affordable . the curried goat was to die for !
1	not only were we treated to a superb meal and excellent service we went on wednesday night and got a flamenco show . chef oscar and his staff are the friendliest .
1	the moment we walked in we were greeted in the friendliest way . service was amazing , all the staff looked happy to be there . food portions were large , perfect for sharing . our server was always smiling and went above and beyond . she even offered coffee to go . will be back when we are in vegas . love these small mom and pop places !
1	we came on friday night at the end of everyone 's shift , and while they had a day of work under their belts , they treated us wonderfully , especially our server matthew t. blood orange jalapeño margarita was delicious and smooth . chicken enchiladas were also great . everything was very fresh . tucked away on the first floor of the forum shops .
1	tacos that make you moan or is it the purity of their margaritas ? no fake stuff here !
1	the employees were incredibly kind . the food was delicious and very well priced . we will make this place a regular stop !
1	the most authentic mexican restaurant in the valley . hole in the wall place and totally loved it ! grilled their meat to perfection to add to the smokiness of the crispy edges . you get chips & salsa too ! my new favorite mexican restaurant !
1	this place has friendly service and great food . i started with tostones with guacamole which were delicious . i had an arepa with shrimp and it arrived steaming hot and fresh . the french fries served with it were also great . i hope to return in the near future .
1	this place would do well in ohio city or tremont ... i can 't believe it 's tucked away in fairview park ! the empanadas and pupusas are phenomenal .
1	sundays are bring your own wine ( without being charged a corkage fee ! ) . the menu is mouth watering ! ! ! ! ! ! you must try everything ! always looking forward for a night at cava ; always .
1	we enjoyed albino 's cooking several times a month when he was the chef at giada 's in anthem . we were happy to find his new location in las vegas , we gladly made the 35 minute drive to his restaurant and weren 't disappointed . we love the authentic italian food he cooks and even ordered our thanksgiving dinner from los olivos !
1	this is authentic spanish food - the real thing ! can 't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu . see you soon !
1	the fajita 's for two is fully loaded , and i have never found better . the specials are good and cheap . their customers come from all over . being near the airport , it is a great layover experience for travelers stuck in clt .
1	came here for their daily 4.99 special . perfect lunch portion size for me . others may not be able to finish . rice , chickpeas , coleslaw , plantains , quarter chicken . they also have bbq chicken if you 're not a jerk fan . very friendly service ! would return to try other items on the menu ! downtown location but scarborough portion , taste , and value !
1	very similar to chipotle in how food is ordered , but with fresh , authentic mexican food .
1	everything was good ... the chips & salsa , the food , and ofcourse the margaritas ! we were ordering those margaritas by the pitcher ( each one better after the other ) !
1	delicious shrimp cocktail and michelada . pretty restaurant and friendly staff . : )
1	fresh ingredients and just the perfect amount of spices . the marisco saltado is one of the best i 've ever had . bravo ! ! !
1	i was not sure what to expect walking in but am so glad we checked this place out ! we tried several dishes ; everything was delicious !
1	i love hot & spicy food but that was the hottest pozole i 've ever had . delicious ! i hiccuped & sweated thru every spoonful .
1	the food quality is just great here , the carne asada was cooked just right and had just rich taste . the guacamole has a nice texture to it . for the quality of the food here and the price , it 's just a must to come here and get a quick bite . i loved the food here and the owner is a very nice man . definitely coming here again .
1	cool atmosphere also , seems like a fun place to come with friends for drinks . the taco i had was small and incredibly tasty . i also got a salad ( can 't remember the name of it ) that i would get a thousand times over .
1	shredded white meat , perfectly season , fried in a corn tortilla until it is crisp but still tender and topped with cheese and lettuce . can 't find anything like it in california . definitely stop here if you 're in town . great service and wonderful food !
1	she was right the menu is fairly large , so you 'll need a few minutes to make a decision . of course , they bring a plate of warm tortilla chips and 3 or 4 dips , while you 're waiting on your food . everything we 've eaten is excellent and the service is too . i highly recommend it . they are very busy at dinner time but can handle the crowds .
1	all the fish is fresh never frozen . the staff is super friendly and the music doesn 't suck ( usually ) . today i made a minor ( solicited ) complaint about a taco and the staff went way out of their way to make me happy . the chef himself brought me a new taco , they knocked it off my bill anyway and even gave me a free drink . i always sit at the bar , so i can 't comment on the wait staff but the place looks like they only hire attractive tattooed people . no complaints here . drinks appear to be strong too ... still typing .
1	rice and beans were great too , and it all fit together masterfully . i will definitely be back . this was one of the best meals i 've eaten in a long time . on the downside , we sat outside directly under one of the cooling mist makers and ended up soaked .
1	bomb so good ! ! ! fine mexican dining at your fingertips ... reasonable prices . i had the filet mingnon chile rilleno drizzled in chipotle sauce .
1	alex at the bar is hella good peeps ! definitely stop by and knock back a margarita or two ... if you are adventurous ... a shot ot two of tequila is an excellent way to start an evening ! muy bueno ! !
1	love this place ! been going here for over 10 years . i 'm obsessed with the chicken enchiladas . that sauce ! can 't wait for my next visit .
1	i was in love with nogales hot dog stand , but now i have you . this place is great ! we decided to come check this place out after a movie and it hit the spot . two bacon wrapped hotdogs with everything and a sangria and i am ready for a nap ! the staff are all sweet and helpful . very clean and lots of condiments to add to whatever you order . i will definitely be coming back and will also be bringing the fam and friends . it 's a family run business and you shouldn 't pass it up !
1	great food , great drinks . we 've been here about four times . sometimes there 's a wait but that 's because it 's sooooo good ! !
1	the waiter was so helpful and patient as i was not able to understand all the options on the menu ... his recomendations turned out to be delicious and i am so happy i found this place with the help of yelp ! i hope if you want so authentic food you give this place a try you will love it : ) the presentation of the food also was impressive ... and it tasted as great as it looked !
1	such good food and great atmosphere here . not stuffy and no mexican music blaring . not that there 's a problem with mexican music ... just wouldn 't fit the location . very cool atmosphere ... hip and fun . bar in the middle to serve your happy hour needs . food is really good . chips and salsa are delicious and salsa serves a hidden kick .
1	we were in vegas for three days and went here every day , feeling lucky to have found it that first morning . the lattes are incredible and we 're super picky . the bf is israeli , been in the us three years , and said it 's the closest he 's had to the food from home . the ambiance is lovely . the whole " village " feel of the complex is pretty fun to walk around in . there 's also a little farmers market outside on saturday mornings . overall , a really awesome meal / experience / location . fresh squeezed oj too , btw . @ _ @
1	first time and we feasted like savages ! this place is fantastic with true vegan options ! try the gorditas ! you won 't be sorry ! we be back many times ! yummy !
1	the tacos were alright , the star of this restaurant would definitely have to be the quesadilla , you can 't go here and not order one or two or three ! ! lol the bread / crust / dough if the quesadilla is amazing ! the salsa bar for the nachos they provide while you wait for your food is fun and there are some good selections , esp the cilantro one and i don 't even like cilantro .
1	quality fresh mexican food . the chips are freshly fried , the salsa is freshly chopped - the tortillas are those special tortillas that i thought only real mexican families got to enjoy . we get our orders to go and take them home , or to a picnic somewhere . the californian burrito ( potatos , steak , pico de gallo ) - so very good . lots of menu choices . green salsa is good too .
1	we wandered by with empty bellies and no expectations . we were ridiculously surprised and were immediately trying to figure out when we could go back . highlights : - pork pozole . holy cow . how did that sauce taste so freaking delicious ? - taco . fried on site and amazing . fresh and delightful . the best fried taco i 've ever had . - sopapilla . yeah , i could eat those with honey all day long every day . we 'll be back . i 'm not sure when . but we 'll be back .
1	my niece ordered the french toast and i ordered the breakfast quesadillas ..... delicious and on point . no exotic flavors or interpretations of classic dishes- just flavorful tasty comfort food . service was very friendly- nice people here ... and the prices are low . my niece wants to come back tomorrow .....
1	very clean , and friendly family atmosphere with mini grocery store with items from all over latin america . i highly recommend it .
1	the most authentic tasting mexican food i 've had ? yes . alcohol ? nope . walk-up ordering board ? yup . i love small family run restaurants for this exact reason . you find the gem and you support it . the food is wonderful . punch full of flavours . this is also the first ( of 5 i 've been to in 2 weeks here in az ) that serves you chips and salsa where the chips are actually freshly made and served hot ! the customer service was genuine and so very friendly . the food ? exactly what i was missing . i 've been looking for that genuine taste , and i finally found it . every bite delivered .
1	i don 't ever crave for mexican food but this place was amazing ! better than the popular el gordo in my opinion . i love their tacos ! i am a huge fan of tripe ( if you don 't like intestine stay away but if you do you must try ! ) it was sooooo amazing , crispy , juicy and flavorful . also tried their beef burrito , they use the tomato rice inside ! ! ! ! my favorite type of rice ... so freaking good . i would defiantly come back again and again and again . and take my family here to try !
1	the tacos are great , the caramelos are scrumptious , and the prices are unbeatable . this is always my go-to taco shop .
1	they know how to make carne asada burritos . nothing in it but the meat , rice , and beans . i really do not like how the other joints throw in lettuce and tomatos . keep it simple . and their horchata .... yummy ! ! !
1	made me a fan of horchata . best i 've ever had . from their salsa bar to their tacos and burros , everything is rich and amazing . i usually have to wait for 30-40 min for my food , due to how busy it always is , but well worth the wait . you won 't be disappointed !
1	i can 't really comment on the sangria because i am not a great fan , however , the prickly pear margaritas were outstanding ! i think i have seen carolyn harvesting fruit for these . the atmosphere is fun , just remember that it is a small place , so during high season you will probably have a longer wait . the food is worth the wait .
1	if you 're looking for street tacos in a modern vibe restaurant- come here ! we just moved here and went three times in the first two weeks we were there . everything was delicious . i normally only eat chicken but the pastor was amazing .. also- the mexican corn was so delicious !
1	i have many fond memories of you , and it 's your jumbo margaritas that are to blame . yes , i know they come in a pitcher size ... those are also fantastic ... the service is great , food is wonderful ( i love the fish tacos and the chimichanga ) . complimentary chips and fresh salsa with your dinner ? yes , please ! oh , and did i mention they 've got killer margaritas ?
1	we came on saturday and they had happy hour till 5 which was awesome . i tried the spicy margarita .. i think it was cucumber / habanero ? or maybe it was poblano .. cant keep those peppers straight . but any who , it was delish ! i also got the three taco plate .. one shrimp , one carne asada , and a fish taco . so good ! will definitely be back : - )
1	( never experienced this in a fast food restaurant ever . ) the manager sean was by far the coolest ... not only did he ask what we liked to help us get a better taste of what rubio 's had to offer beside there fish taco 's but also made us a special sample to try ... ( free ) . never before have i seen or experienced such service . if you go there , i would ask for sean ....
1	a huge selection of bourbons wrapped up in a taco joint .... seriously i 'm moving in !
1	i was able to thoroughly enjoy my burrito bowl because of her wonderful service of going that ' extra mile ' and having a lovely smile and personality the entire time : ) las sendas chipotle is now my favorite location in the phx valley ... thanks again emily !
1	in just an hour they were able to throw together an amazing platter for our company lunch , at the last minute . the food was amazing , as always , and everyone at the lunch could not have been more pleased . thank you ! !
1	especially for gluten-free folks who crave a good sandwich ( not one on dry bread that falls apart ) . the cold chicken salad " reina pepiaea " arepa , black beans and rice with vegetables ... the roasted pork butt arepa es muy delicioso ! and they even have vegetarian options . i love this place ! it 's always busy , too .
1	the infamous firefly . excellent sparkling sangria . awesome tapas . dinner ... and a show ! if there was a housewives of las vegas , this would be their major hangout spot . seriously .
1	thank you aia ( 1044 ) saw that # on the ticket : - ) hope it 's the right girl
1	aia was an awesome server very attentive and the food and drinks were awesome definitely will be back
1	came two days in a row for the amazing nachos and the wonderful service . always a must when in vegas ! thank you aia for being so friendly and sweet to my baby girl . we will always be back !
1	great food as always and the best service i 've ever had at an epl ! : )
1	we just spend a week in mexico ( not our first time there ... ) and cucos had better food than we found anywhere ( puerto morelos / playa del carmen ) south of the border . the cuco burrito is my fav and the margaritas are amazing . we will continue to come back , the food is truly authentic . this place beats other area mexican chains by far ! keep it up ! can 't wait for the next time : d my mouth waters every day when i drive past .
1	we had the guacamole ( pretty dang good ) , i had a burrito ( asked for shrimp instead of pork / chicken and it was no problem at all ) with rice and beans , and everything was delicious . our waitress was really sweet and the host was also really cool ! good food and a cool spot to hang out . definitely recommend .
1	great guy and helpful , knowing how to answer questions you didn 't even know you had , at a great restaraunt . food is stellar , very good value , and atmosphere is fun . take the scorpion shot !
1	this guy rolls with it . thanks , dude , you 're a good man . we had an excellent time . - those 5 ladies , you know who we are
1	lots of great food and drink options . bartender savannah was super helpful and crafts a mean margarita . we will be back ! !
1	it 's such a great place and has awesome food . the carnitas are out of this world ! say ' hi ' to danny if you get a chance .
1	the food is great every time , and the environment is super cozy . the staff is really friendly and the service is fast . last week i picked up a catering order and they carried it out to my car for me , helped me load it , and were super friendly and nice during the whole process . when you stop in , i recommend the chicken tacos morongo and a margarita : )
1	our family has been coming to ajo 's various locations here in phoenix for years . the food is fresh and consistently good . the restaurants are family owned , and everyone is always friendly and helpful . my husband loves the tacos miranda with its amazing chipotle cream sauce . the pollo con-queso burrito , with its jalapeño cream cheese topping , is heaven . if you go to the bell road location , ask for alma or diana . both girls are fast , friendly , and always make us laugh . if you 're looking for a good meal with a friendly atmosphere , stop by . you won 't be disappointed .
1	great drinks , food , and values . never let 's me down on quality .
1	i wish i was eating it right now . oh yeah. and all their other food is great too . i love this place .
1	he made our lunch at nacho daddy fantastic . thank you aj !
1	they 've got a great location away from the faster pace of state street . it 's an excellent place to sit outside and enjoy a beer ( especially on 2 $ night -- wednesday ) . food is great with interesting specials on rotation . a neighborhood gem .
1	i got one of each taco flavor . loved each of them equally . service was fast and the prices were super affordable .
1	with prompt and courteous servers ( i was served by roberto ) . delicious food ; the organic margaritas taste just like the ones i make at home . definitely recommend and will be returning .
1	by far the best mexican food in the state . 69 years and counting days something is being done right . i 'm obsessed with the green chili as well as ground beef tacos .
1	the lighting , decor and atmosphere was fun . everything we ordered turned out fantastic . we will definitely be back !
1	we went with la reggae and freaking loved it . highly recommend .
1	it was quite busy and due to some renovations their seating had been temporarily cut in half . the manager was very accommodating , even to go so far as to offer to put up non smoking signs on the patio so we would have a comfortable place for our younger diners . the food is absolutely amazing , the spinach enchiladas are a favorite ! the salsa is fresh , the chips are warm , and the service excellent . this is our new go to mexican !
1	) . we stumbled upon la cave , which graciously accommodated our size , then proceeded to blow-my-mind ! the bacon wrapped dates were scrumptious , the flat breads delicious , the prosciutto stuffed chicken was rich and robust , and the diver scallops to die for . but the pie de resistance was the carpaccio . it was the best i have ever had . we ordered 7x over . 7 ! i 'm not kidding . that good . so next time you are in sin city check out la cave . i 'd say it 'd be a sin not to !
1	this is our fourth time visiting and it was better than the first . a bit small , so reserve early . not stuffy , so wear your jeans and get ready for a flavor explosion . great service , although even with a reservation you might have to wait a few minutes to be seated , but be patient ! highly recommended !
1	it goes way beyond the taco , burrito , enchilada fare and has a menu full of of excellent dishes made with steak , chicken , shrimp or fish . so many to choose from you won 't even get through the full menu on your first visit . one of my favorite places to eat in vegas . homemade tortillas , chips and hot sauce , great atmosphere , great service , there is nothing about lindo that disappoints . highly recommended !
1	i mentioned it to the manager and she agreed . i hope they fixed it . i now go to richardsons for the pork relleno . other dishes at carsbad are excellent
1	she was great and helpful , food was wonderful as always and alayna the best part of it . thanks
1	i must say the food was great ! the empanadas were so damn delicious the platanos were melt in your mouth . i put hot sauce on everything i eat but did not want to spoil the flavor of this delicious food . please pay him a visit you will not regret it . we will definitely be back .
1	we had chorizo queso and the skinny margarita in addition to the shrimp tacos . yum ! !
1	ordered to go and ended up wishing i would of ate in . 32 ounces of homemade awesomeness , for $ 9 and change it also came with salsa and chips oh and your choice of tortillas .
1	great waiters , great food will be back soon .
1	it ain 't pretty but don 't let the deter you ! i moved to arizona because of this place ! i take everyone here . their salsa bar is authentic . the al pastor burritos , breakfast burritos , and tacos kick ass ! thats all i ever get because they have the best al pastor i 've ever had , but everyone else enjoys their food thoroughly as well . $ 3.99 for a burrito , eat half and eat the rest later . i hate left overs and i swear that their burrito is awesome and might even be better reheated in the microwave . wtf ! try them and foodgasm .
1	made you feel at home and she was super funny ! very attentive always asked if we needed anything else . and she also sold us on the apple stuffed chimichanga ... i know sounds weird but it was good ! the food is great but alejandra made it better .
1	they were fast and friendly . gatsby suggested great stuff and we loved every dish . cannot wait to bring friends here . brunch is unlimited little plates of goodness . very happy about my experience .
1	he always takes care of my family when we come in . he makes the dinner enjoyable and fun
1	he made sure we were well taken care of when our server was no where to be found and made sure to check with us at the end of the night ! also loved the manager checked on us too ! as a server that really makes a difference ! great food , outstanding service !
1	don 't let the gas station fool you this place has some of the best tacos in town ! ! sometimes there 's a wait but it 's worth it . everything is good here . my go to is the mini street tacos there to . this place is a must try if you like tacos and good mexican food !
1	absolutely perfect chips with incredible hot sauce and salsa . everything comes out on super hot plates , everything is good to excellent . service is impeccable , the entire operation runs very smoothly . the only bad thing , no bar to sit at . they could easily open other locations . this is not los dos molinos hot mexican food , but good old sonoran mexican that has mostly disappeared from phoenix . sure , there is valle luna , but this place is much better . go early , place is packed . bonus , the food is priced very fairly , but this is why you will go back , value .
1	lobster poutine , seafood platter & arctic char was perfect . it is a noisier atmosphere so it was a lot of fun . make sure to make reservations . least favourite was sparerib dish ; it was too dry .
1	he makes some of the best sandwiches super friendly ! definitely making this my go to subway !
1	this is my second time here today and both of them are still providing superb service and delicious food !
1	we remember when mi amigos was good . garcia 's the restaurant that all others were compared against . it has been a long time and we have eaten at a lot of places trying to find a replacement . nando 's is not only the replacement but we have stopped looking for great mexican food . we have found it . i could spend hours describing how good each one of the dishes we have tried is . instead we will state that there has no dishes that weren 't just great ! our favorite is the the chile con queso dip . anyhow , good food , great people , great restaurant .
1	awesome bartender . i 'm from out of town . i will definitely stop by again
1	she knows customer service . she is friendly , attentive , and very ... chill ? we tend to be high demanding customers and alexis delivered quality customer service flawlessly . definitely will continue coming back .
1	very personable and friendly ! scorpio ! go colts !
1	the best thing is " el patio " you can be relaxed there ! i love it . you should try " torta tres leches "
1	great margaritas cadillac w / chili rim , try the beef colorado was awesome must ask for bean dip on the house ! best mexican in vegas !
1	best food , best service , most friendly , and most honest ! left my wallet there once on the counter near the condiments ; drove all the way home ; freaked when i found out about my missing wallet with my life in it . when i went back to find my wallet , it was gone ; my heart sank to my stomach . i looked up to the cashier at the counter and he was smiling and pulled up my wallet he was saving for me ; all in tact and accounted for . i was in such a panic thinking the worst ! thanks again to the staff at algobertos and the one gentlemen staff member who saved my life ! : )
1	i always get the # 7 carne asada plate and the food is amazingly and consistently delicious ! within two weeks of discovering this little hidden gem of a place , i had eaten there 8 times .
1	i found this place by accident when i needed to have my car window tinted and i was reluctant to try another mexican store front but decided to give it a shot . i ordered the number 4 which includes a gordita and taco . everything from the rice , beans , salsa , tortillas , meat and even the jalapeño was to die for . the best of the best . the only thing i would change is the chips . they looked like they came out of a bag but other than that ... everything is o-amazing . will be back to visit again .
1	my husband and i split a fawaffle , i had the salad and rice bowl without chicken , and omar had the chicken taboon tacos . we finished with alijandro 's fabulous take on baklava . as a vegetarian , it 's rare to find a restaurant like alijandro 's that offers choices - all of which are satisfying , healthy and super tasty . clean , delicious , interesting food with top-of-the-line service . i highly , highly recommend .
1	so informative and very attentive . my mimosa glass never went empty without her bringing out another and the food was always brought out promptly ! really liked the food here but loved her service the most .
1	her glorious shining self , truly expressed bartending at its most fabtabulous . she was super busy and despite that she got super busy on my taste buds . love this restaurant love alison .
1	a little bit of authentic mexico in a very upscale atmosphere ... this concept is amazing !
1	this place has the best authentic food i 've found in a while and the sangrias were to die for ! worth the hour drive for sure ! i will be back ! !
1	it has pretty bad ass pouting and shakes . didn 't try the burgers but pretty much everybody else was getting them and seemed like they were regulars . will have to come back next time i am around here .
1	an interesting combination of restaurant and taco bus . speaking of tacos , they were fabulous , as was the tostada . refried beans were ok . good , but not amazing margarita and friendly service . cute space too . would definitely recommend .
1	small dining room , even smaller staff , but amazing food ! the owner is the chef and he makes authentic mexican food . the huevos rancheros are to die for and worth eating for breakfast , lunch , or dinner . not a great to go option . but their burritos are great too . not huge like some other places do . this burrito is a regular reasonable one person size burrito ! carne asada with some guac on the side !
1	the presentation was organized and packed super nearly . the chicken was juicy and the shredded beef was delicious . this place gets it ! definitely great food and service ! !
1	first , amazing service i came here with a large group ( a waiter 's nightmare ) and they were super accomodating ! they have a killer happy hour deal ... and the tapas are fresh and very tasty the octopus is a must try ! it really shows the chef 's effort and appreciation of spanish tapas . the restaurant space is little awkward a long narrow rectangle but bar seats are comfy . give this place a chance if you are in the area .
1	very good prices and awesome food . i 'm a picky eater when it comes to mexican food and this place is great . have tried the torta , burrito , and nachos . ( different occasions of course ) all fantastic and the nachos are just loaded with goodies . my favorite meat choice there is the boiled steak and my boyfriend likes the tongue !
1	it was so worth it when we arrived . in the back of a little hidden courtyard we found a small 12 table restaurant with a 10 page menu full of exciting cocktails , wines & delicious food . i was so hungry i didn 't even take pictures . we had the hh pork nachos , tacos , salmon croquettes and all was delicious . to finish the meal i enjoyed the ancho chile flourless chocolate torte ! interested to see this place at night time with their live music .
1	we 've been two times , and both times left satisfied ... maybe a little too satisfied . portions are generous . ask for the green tomatillo sauce to accompany your salsa and chips , you won 't be disappointed .
1	the place is small , so off times or weeknights are best !
1	a little hole in the wall place but the food is wow ..... and great service and a nice little bar ..
1	the carnitas were so good ! i am definitely going back to try the other things like beef tongue and cheek ! and their pickled onions and green sauce were excellent . i would have taken tubs of those to go with me if i could . the rice could have been better quality but that 's my only real complaint which is pretty minor .
1	take your bottle of wine with you ! if you forget to bring your own wine , their is a little shop in the center to buy a bottle . great neighborhood spot ! ! their portions are very generous and sit outside on the patio and enjoy this cooler weather !
1	staff are friendly . the guac and sauces are awesome !
1	good wine list , and the ambiance was cool . the octopus was . a bit pricy , and if you 've had tapas beforehand , you know the portions are made for small sharing .
1	try the bbq mahi ! ! we had a group of 7 and i tried just about everything . all awesome . nice beer selection too
1	it only took about 15 minutes for our made to order tacos , burritos , and guacamole . everything was excellent , the guacamole obviously made from scratch and the burritos each a meal by itself . the chorizo and the al pastor tacos were perfect . the only downside was we ordered way too much ! they have table service as well , so next time we will dine in . highly recommended .
1	the shrimp burrito is delicious ! as the restaurant is a little small with only a few tables , it 's not really built for more than 7-10 people to be sitting and eating at one time . they do a robust drive-through and take-out business .
1	loved the pork belly and kimchi fried rice . husband can 't wait to have another burrito and the kids couldn 't get enough of the tortilla chips . we will be back !
1	this is a one-of-kind restaurant for charlotte and a must if you like new ethnic / cultural cuisine . after some help from the gentleman working the register , since i really had no idea what anything was , i ended up with jollof rice , ox tail , and plantains . serving size was plentiful , and not to mention , delicious and pretty inexpensive . there are plenty of other dishes to choose from . get yourself over here !
1	food was good & quick , service was good , & cost friendly .
1	really enjoyed the chiliquiles , which is cheese and egg smothered chips with diced chicken . also had a fantastic shrimp taco that was special off the menu and had a good spiced cream sauce . loved the day of the dead decor too !
1	make sure you get some queso ( the best in town ) and a sangria .
1	btw the tacos are amazing , the korean taco , my lord , fantastic . also this place is loud , so if you want a quieter setting ask to be seated upstairs .
1	a little on the pricey side , but the food is really good and the fried churro things at the end are bomb diggity .
1	the restaurant is a wonderful celebration of hispanic culture . the chili pepper is the superstar here . i love the patio dining . we sampled all the sauces each one handcrafted and delicious . they have agua frescas and elotes locos. loved it .
1	staff is lovely . the chorizo burrito is delicious !
1	mango lokos , chamoniadas , raspados , dulces and all other kinds of goodies . love the smooties and chamoniadas . plus a bunch of mexican chips and candy .
1	the food is great ! the service is great ! ! ! will keep coming for more ! try the empanadilla de carne ! try it all !
1	much better than any other mexican place in this area !
1	if i had to rate them out of 10 , they 'd be a 9 . the wait is kind of insane for a taco place , so be sure to get there and line up before it opens -- a whole half hour early on a weeknight . the baja fish taco is the real winner , with al pastor coming in second . the chips that come with the guac are pretty unique too , but good .
1	a little pricey , but i love the overstuffed tacos , the elote ( street corn ) , and the aguas frescas , plus they 're always fast and friendly .
1	nice job and a fun spot to have a meal .
1	i got the pineapple infusion margarita and it was also delicious , you can really taste the vanilla bean which is why i ordered it . i ordered tacos with rice and beans which were very good in quality and my bf ordered the chicken burrito which he loved . chips and salsa were not complimentary like most places but very fresh , we spent about $ 70 bux for just the two of us ...
1	our prime dinner spot just a few minutes from the smith center for the performing arts for a great evening
1	a little pricey for the portions but welllllll worth it great food great atmosphere
1	love the food and margaritas here . the owner is from belen and he really hits up the menu variety . the stuffed sopas are awesome and i recently enjoyed the shrimp calabasitas enchiladas . love the new mexican flair and enjoyed the staff . good food and good people just like new mexico .
1	my first time eating columbian food and i was impressed . the empanadas were delicious and the chorizo arepa was spicy , but tasty . will most definitely go back .
1	tapas were very traditional and authentic and they have fantastic spanish wines to pair with these delectable small plates . decor and atmosphere will transport you to the heart of spain . don 't expect to see a steelers or pirates game here , but rather european soccer and rugby televised at the bar . service was impeccable and kudos to gonzalo for delighting us with his family recipes !
1	millie 's cafe is a home away from home for me . i live in california now ; however , i travel to arizona at least once per month and for me , this is a must ! friendly faces , great food and nice environment . if you are looking for a puerto rican restaurant or simply looking to try something other than the typical burgers , tacos or sandwiches ... i suggest you come to millie 's cafe !
1	plenty of options on the blackboard and everything seemed to be freshly prepared , i can 't remember what i had but it was great and i 'd be glad to go back and try something new .
1	the carne melts in your mouth . service is so friendly .
1	2 with carne asada and 1 with carnitas . everything was delicious . the flavor of the carne asada is the best i have had at any mexican restaurant . you get to customize your food with various fresh toppings which make this place similar to something like chipotle , but this place is legit with so many different options and much more authenticity . the service was great and he helped with the meat choices as it was our first time . will be back many times .
1	food is all so appetizing in its description on the menu , and in the finished product ! the only bizarre part of dining there is at the counter where you order and prepay , they have a big tip jar . they provide minimal assistance in table service ( if you want to go back and grab dessert , you have to get back in the long line and order it yourself ) , so how they 've earned a tip at time of prepayment , i have no idea ! pretty presumptuous !
1	went here last sun on the way back from hiking at sedona . hubby ordered the 2 piece fried with yucca fries & i ordered the 2 piece grilled chicken with rice & plantains . the star was the fried chicken , but the yucca fries came close second . the grilled chicken was kind of bland in my opinion . overall their fried chicken is worth 5 stars & worth another visit while in town
1	just got my food at almost 9pm on a friday night when i know they 're busy .... in 20 minutes . driver was clean , presentable , professional . food presentation on arrival was beautiful , and tastes even better than it looks . when i called to order , the lady took my order fast and efficient . they don 't take credit cards over the fone , but that 's a minor inconvenience for the awesome customer service , speedy delivery , and delicious food ...
1	the food comes out quick and is consistently good . mucho gracias taco y taco
1	they have a fantastic staff , and the food is always presented in an amazing way . not to mention i have not had one thing here that was not good .
1	great atmosphere , service , food and drinks . keeping this simple , but this place is awesome . gmo free and organic is a + + + ! ! !
1	get a hot dog , bueno style to go with it ; so good , you can 't pass it up . sweet potato fries are no extra charge . also , the mesquite smell will intensify your appetite , so be ready to eat .
1	burro taco recommended by waiter was a great choice . the fish taco was excellent as well as the shrimp taco . salsa is done right ! can 't wait to visit again ! great atmosphere and service . the decor is interesting !
1	the chips are homemade , very fresh mix of wheat and corn chips . salsa was good , not spicy but not bland . all the food was delicious . the decor was a blend of southwest and tongue in cheek . prices were very reasonable .
1	chips salsa blackened fish taco salad enchiladas burritos and margaritas . but mostly i liked this place because of the family running it and the local feel . nice people . nice vibe .
1	my favorite meal , the burritos with extra brazil nuts and pure vida juice .
1	i 've been to this place three times now ( large group , wife and i at a table and this past weekend , wife and i at the bar ) every single time it 's been lights the f out ! bacon wrapped stuffed shrimp , table side guacamole , conchinita pibil , chicken enchiladas , asada , burritos--all have been fantastic ! if you 're on a budget and looking for street tacos , hit buen pastor--otherwise , you have to try el dorado !
1	the atmosphere was right up my alley , music was perfect and the service was attentive and visually pleasing . then came the food ! portions are more than enough and the flavor is out of this world ! it is an hour drive from my house and i could justify the drive for this any day of the week . mad mex , you just blew my mind ! !
1	chile relleno burrito , breakfast burritos & even chips & salsa ! ! can 't wait to bring the family here . thanks phrank ! ! !
1	all i can say del taco is always good hot fresh and friendly but i 'll tell you this del taco is in the ghetto side of town so lock your doors keep the change in your car you can 't go wrong by this bill taco even though it 's on the bad side of town
1	michael and his staff are awesome and serve up some great food ! ! they came out to our office and catered a lunch for our firm . the food was fresh and delicious . the chicken etoufee and shrimp tacos were the best ! their fresh salsas were excellent . i especially loved the cajun chips and the homemade hush puppies . the portion size was super generous . if you see this food truck around definitely grab a bite to eat as you will not be disappointed ! i can 't wait to eat their food again ! !
1	this place has everything i 've been looking for . great food and horchata .. not too sweet not too watery ! ^ _ ^ ! if you 're in the neighborhood stop in and grab some ! ! !
1	all i can say is best food and tacos you will ever eat especially the carne asada tacos .
1	literary drove from pasadena to try these tacos . my husband , best friend and i were impressed . the sauce with the guacamole is so good . asada tacos and al pastor highly recommend them .
1	not only is the half chicken amazing , but the side salad is so tasty ! also ordered a beef empanada , which i might say is like heaven in my mouth very authentic and juicy . service was good and the restaurant is clean , which is very important to me . yes yes yes , i will be back ! ! ! highly recommend
1	can 't wait to come back and try different items . pork burrito was the best prom burrito i have ever had and the chili verde also
1	staff is very warm and friendly . we have been here more than 5 times now . food is superb and portion sizes are extremely generous .
1	fun cool delicious organic with a huge gluten free selection ... what more could you want ! ? this hood needed a fresh young vibrant place with good energy . even better the beautiful cocktails ! i 'll be back ! ! !
1	all i can say is go ... i am in foodie nirvana ... cool atmosphere and the best meal of my life ... as someone who grew up on the east side and now lives in miami , i would fly back monthly to eat here ... no words can express how good this place is ....
1	all i can say is great service and the best chimi 's in town .
1	i just recently chose to become vegan . more like a challenge to myself . and omg ! this place made me fall even more in love ! ! even my 13yr old daughter loves it ! i 'm definitely coming back ? and the staff is great !
1	all i can say , is i am in heaven every time i go there either lunch or dinner both menus are great !
1	i had no idea how huge the burritos were so i have a meal for tomorrow too ! food is inexpensive and great ! lots of people were lined up for this place so i knew the food would be good . nice outside seating too !
1	every time i go i get a junior chicken burrito ( because the regular size is huge and i never finish it ) and we split some chips and salsa . they have amazing finely diced salsa and their salsa verde at the tables is the best .
1	the service there is excellent eva and the other girls always make you feel welcome . there salsa is amazeing , i am big on salsa and i feel u can always tell a restraunt from there salsa and let me tell you extremely awsome ! ! ! !
1	we were treated like family from the time we arrived . food was prepared & brought quickly , fresh & hot . i 'm a huge fan of fresh flavors , so having so many fresh herbs topped on the food was a plus . the fish tacos were perfectly prepared . the elote was the perfect blend of sweet corn & cheese . definitely recommend !
1	took one bite and was in heaven . i think i gained 5 lbs today , but worth it . i had the lunch special since i could not decide what to do ... come with beans , rice and cabbage salad . the cashier was very friendly and helpful . everyone there is very friendly . nice people good food . the lunch special comes with two choices . i had the chicken and mushroom ( very good ) and the el capitan which was very flavorful . both were excellent . so i had to have desert .... banana and nutella ... this was out of this world . i will be back to gain some more lbs .
1	with my children and pets my dog morty loves the leftovers lemme tell ya haha but yeah definitely recommend this place
1	i love this place . a little bit expensive for a taco place , but i 'm not complaining . i 'd recommend this to anyone who wants fresh authentic tacos
1	this place was serving breakfast and although it was quiet on a labor day morning , the food was fantastic . most dishes came with meat , but the cooks can alter it as you like . our server was so friendly and smiley . food arrived quickly and was just so damn good . i 'm sure dinner menu is just as tasty , but for a delicious mexican style breakfast , this is my new favorite .
1	this is the best mexican food i 've had in a long time ! the food was so good i couldn 't wait to take the foodie pic .
1	all i can say is taco tuesdaysssss ... sabor never disappoints .. i love there freshly made veggie tacos that have zucchini in them which is very much delicious , there fresh shrimp tacos that are made with very fresh grilled shrimp and there empanadas are great ... it 's safe to say that i would go on a night even when there tacos aren 't a dollar lol ... a must go authentic taco spot .
1	all i can say is that jovanny gives white glove service. he 's incredible , works so hard , and it so communicative and fast to help. super friendly too. makes me want to come back every time i 'm in vegas .
1	the set up is cute and clean . i will be eating here again .
1	and their service really is speedy ! this is definitely going to be my go to taco spot !
1	not just the food , but the customer service was great . i had never been here before and she helped me so much with my selections . and i got guac for free ! ! ! i didn 't have to pay a whole bunch extra . great place .
1	authentic cheap fresh street style tacos ! lengua all day ! they even hand make their tortillas right then n there . can 't get any better than that my fellow yelpers !
1	amazing quality and sooooo delicious ! i tried the hermanos chicken and baja fish ! also ordered caramel and chocolate churros . i would stick to caramel for my next visit ... which will probably will on taco tuesday $ 8 for 3 tacos ! ! ! all in all , amazing tacos for a great price ! yum ! ! !
1	ask for diego as your server ! such an awesome evening ! felt like we were back in venezia !
1	best food . best ambience . best atmosphere . this place has it all . not even crazy expensive , even with the overly generous tip we just had to give our server . the octopus was all it was cracked up to be . and the chips with anchovies was surprisingly decadent . i could go on and on about this dinner .
1	all i can say is wow .. food was delicious. atmosphere was cozy , not very large area , but nice. we had the skewers and calamari for appetizers , and they were flavorful and cooked just perfect. next came the main dish , oh my , i ordered the chicken burrito and chili relleno , and it was enough to feed my two kids and myself. hubbs ordered the tenderloin medallions , , , again just perfect. staff was very friendly we will be back
1	.. i have never had mexican frybread but this was delicious and new . i also had a chicken enchilada that was the most delicate and tasty enchilada i have ever put in my mouth . the restaurant is small in a little strip mall but also has a drive thru . 7 inside tables and two outside picnic tables . it is worth the search with lots authentic mexican dishes on the menu !
1	it 's been a long time since i was as blown away by a meal the way i was last night at la torretta . the dishes are simple , but phenomenal , the prices are reasonable and the service was great . we will definitely be back very soon to taste more of the menu .
1	i was in fountain hills with family for memorial day and needed a good mexican food joint and senor taco was it and more . walked in and was greeted by possibly the owner and immediately felt welcome . i had trouble deciding what to order because they have it all . decided on the diablo shrimp burrito and it was delicious with all the flavors i was hoping for . the others i went with loved their food and of course the margaritas were refreshing in the arizona heat . prices are a steal especially for the fountain hills area . if your visiting from out of town and unsure where to go , this is a no brainer .
1	my boyfriend and i came across this place and i am so happy . lets talk green sauce , this place has the absolute best green sauce i have ever tasted ! i essentially wiped our table clean of the bottle ! it paired so well with our met plate , which i would totally recommend ! now i don 't like refried beans ..... but i could not stop eating them ! will definitely be back again ! and again ! and again ! great food for such an outstanding bargain !
1	my family is from the jalisco area , this food reminds me of the dishes my tia would cook me as a kid . have been here several times , yet to be disappointed . definitely going to try more of the menu options . i would recommend trying the torta ahogada and tacos dorados ! torta de asada also extremely good !
1	my wife is mexican , from guadalajara and i am ... not but we both loved this place . hands down , the best tacos i have ever had . i had the adobada ( pork , i think ? ) and she loved the buche ( no idea what part of what animal that is ? ) . the tacos are only $ 2 each ! last night we spent $ 100 on a dinner that wasn 't half this good .
1	great authentic venezuela food , iam so glad i found it on yelp and yelpers giving good feed back ! all the food is great . clean place , good service
1	prices aren 't the cheapest , but i guarantee this will be some of the best mexican food you 've had in a while . i had the pollo asado burrito , which was awesome ! our waiter ( can 't remember his name ! ! ! ) was awesome ! he had a great sense of humor with us drunk folk and gave us flawless service .
1	i 've tried a few peruvian places in the past and el chullo wins in my book . i tried both the ceviche mixto & the ceviche with fish and they are both amazing dishes . i really liked the flavors . i also had lomo saltado and same thing the flavors were soooo good . this is my new favorite restaurant . enjoy !
1	the food here is so fresh and delicious , and they give you so much of it ! the burritos are monstrous ! the bowls are gigantic ! always takes me a few hours to finish eating my order . how can you go wrong ? !
1	this place is amazing . i had the pork chili verde burrito and an adobado taco for dinner , the food is amazing . i can 't wait to go back and try their breakfast items .
1	this place is delicious . she had the sopa de mariscos , i had the garbonzo en piperede . appetizers were the oysters and the roasted pepper conserva . really , the flavor palates could not have been more divergent , especially the sopa and garbonzo dish ( which was reminiscent of n african ) . but all of it was fabulous . her sopa was perhaps the best fish stew i 've ever had . it was better than my choice , but i 'd definitely get all of it again .
1	went there a few hours ago and still thinking of this place . aguachiles , coctelels , and the prepared oysters with ceviche on top . all fantastic traditional dishes . mind you it 's 176 degrees outside so all this fresh seafood made our day . not to mention the micheladas for 5.50 - seriously ? what a huge bargain and the service is amazing . one of the greatest mexican seafood experiences i 've ever had . looks hole in the wall from the outside but has a very nice vibe inside - very colorful and clean .
1	we ordered the popcorn shrimp , clam stuffed jalapenos , pulled pork tacos and lobster burritos . oh and of course , some bourbon lemonade . i would have licked the plate had their been anything left . service was a + , everyone was quick and efficient . but be prepared to wait , we waited between 30-40 mins on a wednesday night for a table for two .
1	finally a place that does it right ! recommend the hazz and carne asada tacos .
1	by far this is the best mexican food ever . everybody here is always so friendly attentive .
1	i had a craving for tacos and figured since taco is in their name i would give it a try . i was amazed at how good their tacos were ! i had their carne asada and shrimp tacos and i will definitely be back for more .
1	we moved here about 3 months ago and have been looking for good mexican food since . imagine our surprise to find it at a food truck in the middle of nowhere . this place delivers , big time . great food , great service and wonderful outside seating .
1	awesome everything about this place . it 's clean , food it delicious , and the customer service was outstanding ! !
1	i am in love with the food , the environment and the service . ceazer is awesome ! absolutely an awesome experience . a perfect end to my weekend ! a must try for sure . fajitas are delicious and the chips and salsa yummy ! absolutely made my heart smile . this is the experience people go out to eat for . absolutely excellent ! phenomenal restaurant . i would give them a million stars if i could . prices are awesome as well and they have lunch specials .
1	best taco ever had . beautifull ambience , nice music . servers are very attentive . loved it
1	every time i go near don tortaco i crave them like crazy . the horchata is always a delight and i have no complaints . i could say i will branch out to try a new plate in the future but i think a better idea is to rename the store carne asada fries . it 's hard to see in the picture but there is guacamole and sour cream as well .
1	their decor is cute , they have a patio , good salsa , and they serve booze for a good price . holler
1	found this place by chance on yelp by chance on a visit to phoenix for the pro bowl . the salsa selection is good . next time i 'm in town i 'll be there again .
1	huge portion too ! my ex and i loved em ! gotta get back here . sure you 'll wanna eat somewhere else ... but if you 're drunk and hungry and at the luxor , get these chicken nachos !
1	it 's perfectly cooked and seasoned and mouth watering . the gorditas themselves are crisp on the outside and fluffy in the inside
1	having said that , hands down there is no place in montreal that can be remotely compared to the burrito shop in terms of the quality of the food , authenticity , and simply an overall good vibe . the guaca is the shit ! !
1	halibut burrito . i went after a recommendation from a co-worker and it has been my favourite menu choice since . burrito boyz is great for a few reasons . fresh and simple ingredients . they grill the burritos really well and there are lots of great toppings . i have never had a bad experience at burrito boyz aside from a huge wait at lunch time . the staff is super friendly when i have visited and fast . i try to go every 2 weeks or so . if you need a burrito fix , this is the place for you .
1	the rest is history . i usually stop by here otw home after the club . 2am food . possibly a long line . fyi
1	i can say that i have aways had great food every time i come here ( which has been somewhat often ) over the years ... for a casual to go or even just to sit at a table and hang out meal .. never disappointed .
1	this food is great for the soul . i will definitely be back !
1	i always get the plates because you get a good amount of food . my favorite by far is the chicken shawarma plate . the flavor a from the chicken melt in your mouth and their rice is amazing . there is some secret sauce in that rice that makes it taste amazing . imagine going to the middle east and walking into some back street and finding a dive , this is it . a grocery store with a bunch of tables and a couple of servers . my kind of place . went here for years when i lived in az . now that i live in cali and miss it all the time , i had to finally give it the review it deserves .
1	it was the best i have ever had ! the small portion of the mole chicken enchilada was perfect before a fun night out in cave creek . the prickly pear marg was awesome as well ! definitely stop in if you are in town and want mexican food !
1	all day ! ! you must have these . and you must have the margaritas . darrell hooks it up , best bar tender ever ! love this place . dinner out or late night bite to eat , you must go to carlsbad !
1	i have two words maui bowl ! ! ! ! !
1	and the addition of a shot of grand marnier is what makes it special
1	it is hard to find ( all good things are ) its amall , but cozy the food is cooked right there in front of you . as for the guy who left the only nagative comment ... go eat at chilli 's if you want a host to seat you . i can 't wait to go back . cheers
1	i read some of the mixed reviews and came up w my own conclusion , we had a few beers , chips and salsa , guac and chips .... and the trash can nachos , unbelievable , this tower will feed around 6-8 people . our server was jerika , i was a lil apprehensive being that it was close to closing , but well worth it ! i am hispanic and the nachos had every ingredient that we all love ! enjoy !
1	we 've been trying to come here for months . finally got a reservation ! got the guacamole sampler ( goat cheese was our favorite ) . got the margarita flight ( habiscus was our favorite ) . had the sea scallops for my entree and it was absolutely incredible . best scallops i 've ever had . the creamed corn that it came with was super delicious . tried the fried ice cream for dessert and it was only okay . apparently , the jalapeño bread pudding is the dessert to get . overall , best restaurant in cle that we 've been to .
1	wonderful food , great drinks , and top notch service . it 's a bit of a " hole in the wall " if you will . not a dive , just hard to find . tucked away on a busy street surrounded by medical / business offices . glad we found it . wonderful food , nice atmosphere and great service . can 't wait to make an excuse to go back . it 's a bit far from my local fair , but have leftovers ! ! ! either way , i am winning ! ! !
1	they are just sweet enough , just savory enough and i always want 50 more of them . when it 's sunny and not smoldering hot outside , the picnic tables out front are a great place to have lunch . parking can get to be tricky when it 's busy but you can go next door and thrift shop it up while you wait for your food to be ready .
1	i 'm not even a vegetarian . their sauces are phenomenal . the ' off the hook ' ( fish taco ) is also great .
1	this combination can only be topped by batman and robin . bon appetit'
1	" this place is delicious . it 's not fancy by any means but that 's the magic behind this place . a whole in the wall restaurant where the food speaks for itself . the employees are friendly as well . if you want a taste of mexico , then come here !
1	it 's a burrito so there 's not much to write about here . if you love tex mex food , this place has a cool flair on that . appreveche ! ( enjoy ; )
1	great , authentic indian food ( we met the executive chef ) . great service , a fun laid back atmosphere , sonia was a great server and bartender , and the food was amazing with complex subtle spice . what happens in vegas starts at urban turban !
1	hits all points for creativity , taste , service , ambiance . i kind of wishes they took reservations cause if it is past about 7 : 30 on a weekend the place is packed and there 's a wait , and sometimes the bathrooms could use some help sometimes but i think that has to do with fact that at night there are a lot of people using just two bathrooms . still , it is an area that could be improved upon i think . i love some soul !
1	took me a while to try the halibut as i was very skeptical about it . however , since i 've had it , i don 't even care for all the other burritos ; ) try it out yourself . already convinced many of my friends . : )
1	expectations were low . i mean , it 's in the food court , at pv mall . but i wanted tacos . i got tacos . and so much more . prepared in front of me , to my exact request . asada perfectly seasoned and cooked . small corn tortillas , fresh , not falling apart . five tortillas loaded with asada , topped with cilantro , roasted corn , fine chopped onions . lime wedges on the side . the cashier / chef ; friendly , efficient . all this buried in a tiny shop in the food court . feeling chipotle ? try mucha lucha instead . spend the same amount but for better food and a local shop .
1	this is the best mexican food and manuel 's in the valley . i 've been to probably 4 other locations and they just aren 't as good . my wife and i love going here . pollo especial is excellent .
1	wow , this was the most amazing burrito i have ever had . for me , the flavor was out of this world . there are other chain restaurants that make burritos that should shudder . this place rocks . i have only been two times and am entirely hooked. the green pork burrito is my favorite so far . one piece of advice , if you plan on stopping in for your lunch break ( 12 p.m. ) , i would order in advance to save you time in line and waiting for your order . seating is all outside , beach house says it all .
1	the tamales and fried peppers were amazing ! the margaritas are delicious and the carne asada was to die for ! yum ! yum ! yum !
1	we had the short rib enchiladas and nachos . atmosphere is great and we enjoyed the sunset on the patio . prices are a bit steep for mexican and there are no complimentary chips and salsa .
1	this place rocks ! ! ! deliciousness and super friendly ! ! ! highly recommend !
1	fresh ingredients , great inexpensive " high test " margaritas , friendly staff , and a nice full service bar . favorite dish is " death by flavor " . . . ask jake the bartender about his special creation . other favorites are tacos de pastor , chicken stuffed quesadilla , chicken fundido burrito , machca beef and avocado on a flour tortilla , and a cheese crisp covered in machca beef . lots of big screen tvs to watch diamondbacks , cardinals , coyotes , and suns games ; plus an outdoor patio that has a high pressure misting system to keep you cool .
1	5 stars for a few reasons : 1 ) the staff was nice , 2 ) the shiraz was great , 3 ) the meal was for this type of place , 4 ) the music was characteristic of this style of restaurant but not too loud as is typical , 5 ) the chef came out to ask what i thought of the steak & his passion for the food was really evident .
1	good food quality and the service was great . been here for lunch and dinner now . and great prices . better than other fast food burger places .
1	decor goes with the atmosphere and food , which feels like you 're eating at a friend 's house . kitchen is open to the dining room . we stopped in 15 minutes before lunch closed up , and chris was nice enough to take our order . felt like having your own personal chef . really a cool eating experience all around . he was also really sweet to our 1 year old , and gave her a few things to distract her while we ate .
1	dave , victor and brian could not have done more to ensure our evening was unforgettable experience .
1	4 stars for attentive but not especially warm or friendly service . still worth the trip and many return visits . no one has to be nice to me if the food & drinks are this good . : )
1	our server ( mikayla d ) was amazing. attentive and friendly. we ordered two apps , chicken quesadilla and avocado / mushroom / zucchini fried sticks. the quesadilla was way overpriced at 12 bucks , not good bang for your buck. but the other app was huge and way worth the $ 6. main course , i got a " skinny " vegetable salad ( yum ) and hubby got the shepherd 's pie . ( huge and he said yum ) . located just across street from suncoast. first time here , and have stayed at suncoast 50 times in last 10 years. we will be back ! we were just sad we were too full for dessert !
1	ladies and i had happy hour awhile back and we had a great time . their food is great and the service was nearly perfection .
1	pastrami sandwich one of the best cuts of pastrami i 've had to date . service was fast and attentive . being in the food service industry myself , they do great . i 'd like to see some of the people on here complaining about service try to keep up with the masses ordering sandwiches non stop and keep a smile on your face for 8 hours .... be easy on these guys . it ain 't easy feeding drunk people all night long ! will be back next time in pitt !
1	cant go wrong here folks.they even have the sauces at the table , 4 in all to choose from or just sample ) .have to ask for the special cuz its not posted.friendly server i was greated when arrived asked how my food was and even said goodbye when leaving . only cons : they did not seen to be running the a.c so it gets a tad on the warm side unless your a fast eater wont be a biggie . i will def be trying more off the menu , i still can taste the smoked pecan pork from 2 hours ago.mmmmmmmm
1	i asked for a bunch of crazy requests ( i 'm pregnant and have a bunch of weird cravings ! ) he got me a side of pickles , extra furikake , made sure i was always taken care of ... he was so awesome ! ! ! ! thank you
1	he was super friendly and made our breakfast experience memorable . our group of 7 angel fans enjoyed our meals and delightful service . we ate there twice over the last few days . 4 of us had the corned beef hash both days , we would highly recommend the irish benedict or irish omelette . coffee was superb ! thanks so much casey , keep up the great work . we well definitely be back next year during spring training !
1	wonderful dinner ( i had spicy shrimp & scallop linguini ) with a great atmosphere ! next time i want to sit outside ! they 've got a great patio that is perfect for a las vegas spring .
1	3-4 stars atmosphere- cool place but just so small and crowded- everyone was jammed in there . there was a private party in one half of that so given a different day , it might have been better
1	this place screams vegas . i pieced together my meal , side of scrambled eggs , side of hash browns and a fruit platter . portions were ridiculous . the eggs were freshly scrambled , the potatoes nice and crisp . a bottle of cholula on the table makes me happy , who needs tabasco ? ! ? friends all loved their meals . giant stuffed feta cheese omelets and a big bowl of what looked to be everything in the kitchen scrambled and topped with fried eggs . i heard the bran muffin was pretty tasty as well . service was great and very reasonable prices .
1	much , much better than lahore tikka house for less money . the butter chicken has a good level of heat , your nose will run but it doesn 't overpower all the other flavours . i think they make it to order , to some degree , because it isn 't on their hot plates & usually takes about 10 minutes . the chicken has always been tender and juicy . the naan is great ! they give you nice big pieces . the large ( $ 20 ) , with 4 orders of naan ( $ 1.50 / each ) filled 4 people for about $ 30 . awesome . the samoas 's ( chicken $ 1.50 , vegetarian $ 0.80 ) are also delicious .
1	plus they are open 24 hours . hot sandwiches anytime ! they are located inside the planet hollywood hotel where we were staying for the weekend . this made it the perfect place to get a quick bite to eat whenever we wanted !
1	5 stars , for breakfast at least ... oh the food is so delicious .. there is a difference , there is ... its not the beautiful decor that s playing wiht my mind , the food is just superior to other buffets .
1	get the buffet of buffets for $ 45 each all you can eat for 24hrs at 6 hotels and le village is one of the places you can indulge like a queen at . they have a crepe and omelette station so you can choose what you want which is a win win right away coz its all you can eat minus the line . ( it gets pretty long so go there first ) . service is sweet and the interior is cute , makes you feel like you 're in paris . great variety of foods to choose from so take your time and enjoy !
1	this is our second time here ... love the food , fabulous beers , service is asi asi . great job !
1	5 stars for service and food ! ! the people working there were very friendly ! bf ordered the capastrami and i ordered the cran-slam club . man , i bit into my sandwich and it was delicioius .. cold cut turkey / ham with cranberry sauce . i loved it from first bite ! but my first bite into the capastrami was heaven . i broke up with cran-slam club and i began my new love affairwith capastrami . warm pastrami with tangy coleslaw .. sigh . i will never forget you capastrami ! ! ! !
1	i was a little hesitant on getting pita jungle for a catered corporate event ... they blew it outta the water though , all the platters looked elegant . the staff was absolutely top notch and went above and beyond . kudos pita jungle for having amazing staff ! ! ! ! makes all the difference in coming back . thank you ! ! !
1	highly quality ingredients , perfectly prepared , a soothing upscale environment and excellent service . what more could you ask for ? i guess that 's why we returned so often throughout the week !
1	this place is crawling with cubs fans in support for the world series chase . they are playing the audio and appropriately themed music between breaks . thoroughly impressed .
1	if you 're looking for a local spot with great service , this is your place ! ! many of the employees from the galleria building across the street come here every friday for happy hour .
1	a really good value , but i don 't know how they can make money on it , especially with what seemed like the 1 : 1 waiter : table ratio . didn 't have room to try any rolls on top of the tasting , would be nice if one was included as a course .
1	although if you expect to sit at the bar for food or drinks with tiffany ... expect her to ignore you . i guess she doesn 't want to make money ? or hates people . as a good server myself , a little disappointed .
1	all the food is great ! i usually get steak kabob or chicken kabob , with garlic sauce and rice . the mvp fries are very good too . save room for dessert .
1	onion rings , know poblano burger , salad with and awesome spicy sweet vinaigrette !
1	5 stars for awesome chicken fingers . the caniac is what i always get .
1	the atmosphere and decor could use some help -- the interior is clean and neat , but dated . the outside / exterior can 't be helping business -- if you can get past the stark white exterior walls , the green roof line , and the nondescript sign , you 'll be treated to a good , " from scratch " meal that tastes homemade , with excellent / friendly service . this is a great place for breakfast .
1	first time meeting the owner but he was awesome . my friend that had an event at this restaurant introduced him and he was accommodating not only to her , but a lot of the guests . i overheard a lot of people calling out to say hello to him . i wish this place well , because it seems like everyone , staff and clientele are all happy in there .
1	also the gentleman in the drive thru on most evenings gives excellent customer service . i 'm in the industry and this restaurant is definitely doing everything right to keep me as a loyal customer ! that gentleman deserves recognition and a raise .
1	its worth every penny when you get the frozen hot chocolate ! whipped creamed around chocolatey goodness in a med cup with straws ! ask to be seated outside so you can enjoy the view of the strip . staff are pretty nice and accommodating . prices are overwhelming but being based from the movie serendipity it makes you feel special just eating there .
1	forget roscoe 's . forget hash house a gogo , forget waffle house , this is the chicken and waffle spot ! kool aid on tap ! kool aid cocktails ! the waffles have cinnamon flavor that is awesome and the chicken was fried to perfection . the service was awesome . i was sad i found out about lolo 's on the 3rd day of the trip . go here ! eat drink and buy the shirt .
1	1 / 2 star deducted for slightly lukewarm food , and the coffee wasn 't totally great . 1 / 2 star added back for the very friendly service .
1	all employs are always happy to serve and love to suggest menu items .
1	5 stars for great service * * * * go go go for noemy ( server )
1	i live on 16th and missouri and their is no better place for hh . moscow mule , bluepoint oysters , fish tacos , and sushi fish . bomb !
1	house wines are delicious and very reasonable priced . appetizers are on sale and so worth it , again reasonable priced for locale . the bread pretzel with dip is one of the better ones , also the sliders are delicious .
1	what a deal ! long hours ... 2-6 : 30pm plus 8pm-close every day . plus great prices ... $ 5 cocktails and food from $ 4-6 . what a deal ! combine this with central bistro , in the same parking lot with $ 1 oysters during their hh that also starts at 2pm weekdays ( and $ 15 bottomless bloody mary 's or mimosas on the weekends ) and this is a great way to say happy friday and start the weekend !
1	i 'm very glad i walked in to this dennis . my mood is much better to continue on my road trip . : )
1	boca park forgot my strawberry shortcake * i 'm on the south side now and they 're bringing it to me as we speak . services rendered . i tip good .
1	she was so awesome and friendly & made a great half-yard margarita for me ! she totally made my day : )
1	10 if you had it ! she was so wonderful and helpful with our allergies ! had her before but had to write another review because she 's great ! staff is super helpful & friendly ! rebecca too !
1	but they bring out the big guns and do it right . 50 , yes that is a five zero , different toppings . from the normal ketchup and mustard to the delicious chirizo chili . you can get down right crazy with the toppings . how about an egg on that dog or slap on some peanut butter for a 1-2 punch . neat little place , with a great twist on the hot dog . a must go eat for everyone . not a hot dog fan , then get the veggie sausage . winner winner , wiener dinner ! !
1	the made to order omelette chef lily is wonderful ! lily really made my daughter feel special on her birthday . she gave her a gift and even came out on her break to bring her a dessert pastry with a lit candle and sang happy birthday . she even made my son feel appreciated and part of the party . she is an excellent chef as well . breakfast is high quality and dirt cheap for $ 5.99 with a players card . the food is very good and fresh throughout the buffet . the wait staff is also very attentive . well done staff for making our breakfasts at sam 's town great !
1	and her manager ! ! my tbone steak come out wd , when i order medium ! ! ! they fix it like a proffesional server shoud do ! ! ! ! good job guys ! ! ! see you soon .
1	the wood fired mac & cheese is amazing . i go to sammy 's for this dish and this dish only . my only complaint is the size . i usually need to order 2 dishes to fill me up for a complete meal . this is a must try for anyone who likes mac & cheese .
1	he was on top of it and we were really impressed . it was prime rib saturday and that was good . they could work on that horseradish sauce , it 's like water and ruins the meat . teriyaki glazed sirloin was yummy but mainly wrote this review to commend good service .
1	she was really genuinely kind . remind me of a motherly-figured . - she brought out soup for my friend and saw that she didn 't already have her napkin towel on her laps yet so she kindly did it for her . - spoke to us very kindly , respectful - followed up literally on everything she recommended . - great recommendations ( my favorite is chicken pot pie ! ! ! ! ! i always get this in vegas ) - our drinks were never empty - reminded us at the end to have a great day , and to have lots of fun ! - etc .... palazzo is lucky to have her !
1	late night munchies . everywhere was closed until we came upon freacos .. only to find out they too were about to close . party of 7 and 15 minutes before closing time . we were going to leave because we arrived right before they were going to close and you know nobody wants to take a table right as they 're closing , but michael gladly took us , even with our hesitation ! not only that he was one of the best servers i 've had . food was good , but very small selection . half of the table got the same thing ( chicken fettuccine ) which was awesome so delicious . will deff be visiting agian . ask for michael hes great !
1	very friendly & attentive . the omelet & pancake stations were great . request robert for the best service ! !
1	there is something for every palate and budget on this menu . we ordered a bottle of inexpensive $ 30 chardonnay , a sushi roll , and 2 salads with 6 oz chicken . the salads were huge and delicious ... we could have easily split 1 and made it a meal ! the sushi roll was good but not off the charts , but worth a try . the salads were approx $ 12 each ... amazing price for such stellar resort style surroundings ! we will be back ! next time will try the prickly pear margos !
1	) , and quality foods . both times we 've been here , waitstaff has been below par , but we didn 't seem to mind . seriously , with a player 's card , the price for lunch was $ 9.99 a person . for a local 's casino , thus buffet blew away red rock and suncoasts .
1	great patio seating , great music ! thanks michelle , matt and doug ! food was awesome ... i had the california benedict was perfect ! we also ordered the salmon lox , french toast , eggs & toast and pancakes ... started with the rosso sangria pitcher and the cinnamon bread pudding ... all was delish . never did we need to ask for anything and when we had a joiner , they were very accommodating and patient .
1	it 's the best buffet in las vegas i 've been to . one crucial disadvantage - it 's extremely popular and demand is a way over space and service abilities of this place , so if you 're going to dine there from 5 to 7 pm be prepared to stay in a line for more than one hour . it 's less people gathered for lunch , at 1 pm monday we stayed for around 10 min a line . it 's definitely worth to try .
1	he had great instincts as to when to talk with us and when to not interrupt us . he made good recommendations , too . great experience on the patio . we kicked off the meal with drinks and cheese curds , had some good entrees including omg chicken and finished with bananas foster . i only wish i had time for a cigar and a scotch . next time ....
1	i don 't remember her name , but our server was great . she had the kitchen staff split our entree for us without us even asking , and everything came out in a timely manner . the food was delicious . we ordered the garlic shrimp penne . the sauce was creamy yet refreshingly light tasting , and both the shrimp and pasta were cooked perfectly . we also ordered a couple of rolls , which were fresh tasting . we will definitely be back the next time we are in las vegas .
1	i just don 't know how they make their frittata taste so darn good . a frittata isn 't a normal food that you would crave right ? wrong as soon as you eat your first frittata at lulu 's you will not be able to get it out of your mind . did i mention it 's the size of a pizza i always eat 1 / 2 and bring the rest home where i dream about it until i can eat it again . it 's seriously that good . the servers are always friendly and accomadating even when they are slammed i love that !
1	great view of the flats from the bar and dining room . ken and lori are the nicest owners . they made us feel like we were part of their family ....... cheers !
1	because we had just hiked we sat outside and she quickly turned on the misters so we would be cooler in this arizona summer heat . we told her our order , and she was back in no time with our beverage order and not long our salad was out and she split them for us . the salad was fresh and perfect for after hike meal .
1	he was funny and outgoing . 3 stars for food ; came for restaurant week and got the tomatoe infused steak dinner- meat was not very tasty and a bit cold . hummus appetizer with toasted pita was actually really good . dessert ; creme brulee which is my favorite which was favorite part of food . seemed but overpriced even for restaurant week
1	the girl that took our order for lunch ( 8 / 20 / 11 ) was great ! ! she made us feel at home . she was very attentive , efficient and spoke to us with a smile : ) she was possibly one of the " best servers " i 've ever had . las vegas + southern comfort food = m & m soul food cafe : )
1	anything u want picks this up for us every once in a while . they don 't use pork in the preparation of their sides which is a huge plus for us , as m & ms soul food does . their fried wings are always cooked properly with the right amount of seasoning . their mac & cheese is just decent ( which i know is a huge disappointment ) but i make a little adjustment to it by adding a little cheese to the top and baking it prior to serving it . pros : great take-out , fried chicken , sides cons : a little pricey for fried food
1	owners are kind people , i was browsing on my phone and was offered the wi-fi password . attentive without being overbearing . comfort food with large portions . love supporting places like this !
1	justin was working the drive-thru window yesterday when we gave him a huge order . he got it right but what amazed my fam and i is how attentive and professionally courteous he was . seriously , no joke , his customer service was the best i 've ever encountered . he should be an executive at some resort because that 's how great he was . definitely worthy of a promotion . thanks for making our day !
1	5 stars for sure 3 course lunch for under $ 20 bucks count me in only thing that was bad was it took too much time for our food to come out but that was totally my fault going their on a one hour lunch from work but definitely would suggest others give it a shot
1	awesome atmosphere a great wine bar / lounge without having to go all the way to scottsdale . if you are looking for a good chill time in chandler this is the place to be !
1	excellent food and service . absolutely scrumptious and very good service . , especially for fast food . super fresh salad and amazing presentation . yum yum .
1	i went there for lunch , had the house salad and it was great , the dressing was perfect , you could tell th eyes made it there , not bottled and brought in and i appreciate that . i also had the chicken parm , out if this world , the chicken breast was huge , ( i had the dinner portion for lunch ) and the sauce cheeses and pasta side was just amazing . loved the decor , sat at the bar , watching the chefs cook , pretty co watching them work . 5 stars for sure .
1	the omelette house was a hidden gem . huge portions and enough to split for 2 people . the king of hearts omelette i ordered was delicious ! my dad had the short stack of pancakes and loved them . our waitress cece was so nice and we loved chatting with her . this place is the real deal . authentic and home cooked food ! if you 're in vegas come here for breakfast . worth the drive from the strip : )
1	it really doesn 't get any better than that . however , my favorite meals here are lunch and the weekend brunch . the soups and sandwiches are delicious and the farm scramble is tasty . great alternative for the two restaurants across the streets . oh , and the mimosas aren 't bad either .
1	this place is off the hook ! service was decent , wish our server had more personality but maybe she was having a bad day . it was our first time here so i 'll be patient and see what the service is like when we come back . we showed up around noon and no waiting ! everything on the menu looks incredible . between 4 of us we had the man vs food plate , banana french toast , fried green tomatoes , a stuffed burger and the mac n cheese . i recommend everything ! ! ! can 't wait until our next visit ! !
1	lobster mac and cheese is to die for and so is the steak . staff is friendly and knowledgable . they have a great wine menu as well . if you 're looking for a lively place to start your weekend with an upscale menu and views , then fahrenheit is the place to be . be sure to book early . it tends to get booked up quickly . this little note was after two visits and both experiences were comparable .
1	friendly attitude , quick service , constant refills , etc . the food is meh , but you should have known that going in .
1	1 star for shutting the bar down at 06 : 30 pm .
1	it starts at 4 -- so you can have a last " meeting " before the work day ends . even better : selection of cocktails , including martinis , with your choice of any top shelf liquor . for $ 6 !
1	all the other breakfast foods are good , eggs are cooked to perfection , clean restaurant , fast service - what more could you ask for ? ! ? !
1	get the hangover burger best burger i 've tasted , the bar is nice friendly people . a must go if your staying at this hotel .
1	freakin delicious ! and i 'm not a fan of cole slaw . i 've actually had their sandwiches before but only in vegas locations . decided to come here today and was very pleased . service was friendly and speedy . according to the reviews .. i will be back to try the bobbi sandwich . yummo !
1	if i could , i would marry that chicken pot pie ... as you can tell , that 's what i would highly recommend . the corn beef with a side of potatoes was bland , dry , and boring . the chicken and waffle is as good as the rest of these yelp reviews say and so are the huge portions ! i had chicken pot pie for 2 more meals afterwards and i loved it ! !
1	the lady that cooks it is freaking awesome . side note : i hate it when people stand in line to get their crab legs cooked and then they have their people get 5 additional plates and then when it comes time , they have 6 plates that need to be cooked . it 's rude because the people standing in line only have 1 plate each . i 'm throwing down next time for sure .
1	i 'd buy a truckload of burgers and fries from him any day . i don 't think he would fit in my take out bag . yes , great restaurant .... excellent service , clean & organized restaurant , and great tasting food !
1	large menu , and large portions . 1 star atmosphere , but grade a proudly displayed . denise was our server , and she also deserves 5 stars . looking forward to returning .
1	had an issue with my food and ryan , the manager , came out right away to rectify the situation without me even having to ask to speak to a manager . i truly appreciated .
1	he introduced himself , asked if we had any questions & gave us time to review the menu . once we finally decided what we wanted , he promptly took our orders . not once did he make our party of 5 feel rushed or too demanding when we had multiple requests . at times , i 've left a restaurant feeling like we were an inconvenience because the waiter was just aggravated due to multiple tables or personal issues . curtis gave 5-star service from beginning to end . his hard work & professionalism will take him far in life .
1	def delicious ribs but slow service on alcohol and my long island wasn 't good . but def a must go to eat !
1	i 've been to this location a few times and the food is always good , good quality coffee and you definitely get more bang for your buck here compared to other comparable restaurants .
1	my favorite drink is the green tea lemonade--it was heavy on the liqour and so refreshing . service was flawless . we were greeted hello and goodbye by two cheerful hostesses , our waiter and waitress offered great suggestions and the bar tender was sweet as well .
1	delicious ! ! ! 3.5 stars for the fried catfish & fries . it was good but i 've had better . the portion was a little small for big appetites but i was satisfied . no leftovers though . i 'll definitely be back .
1	very good smoked meat , with hearty portions , and great service ! ! the prices are very reasonable as well , overall a great experience to eat montreal 's speciality ! ! don 't pay attention to the front of the building , get in and enjoy ! !
1	2 more for the quick service , friendly ppl , $ 2 shiner bock , and for making me feel at home . gotta bring the wife next time . she might actually approve .
1	the cosmic ipa is outstanding . i wish i could add a second rating for the food . as it is about 1 star at best . go with the bavarian pretzel it is supremely dank . everything else on the menu sounds like it 's going to be great but tastes like something you could make at home . great atmosphere for grabbing a beer or two at night ! my girlfriend and i are far from the typical crowd that hangs out here but we felt very welcome and had a great time .
1	i 'm only reviewing their chicken fingers as its the only thing i get there . usually with mac and cheese side . but back to the chicken fingers . i can only think of one other place where i would rather get chicken fingers in toronto . get them wild if you like a little bit of spice .
1	the food is great , beer list is always updated and the atmosphere is amazing . i especially love that dogs are welcome which makes ohso my number one choice to grab a beer , or brunch !
1	their hell 's kitchen sandwich comes with egg salad , avocado , and bacon ! so good it haunts me on a weekly basis . their chocolate chip cookie is once of the best i 've ever had ! come for the lunch special ; good price and perfect sized portion !
1	for the price and flavor of the hot wings i don 't think you can beat it . the price will keep me loyal , the lemon pepper garlic wings are really good too , supper flavorful ! $ 18.00 for 25 wings ! yup , i 'll be a regular . found this place by pure accident , i would 've never came here because the location and name . my daughter was eating them and i tried one and couldn 't stop eating them , i ended up eating most of her food so i had to go back to where she bought them to replace her food .. lol
1	all kidding aside , borderline cafe is a very unassuming , tiny little cafe . the line was out the door when we arrived ( 9am on sunday ) and it 's first come , first served . we got the cute little table in the window which was neat . i have to say their breakfast potatoes are incredible ( and i 've had some incredible breakfast potatoes over the years from great restaurants ) . the service is great and the food is everything the other yelpers are talking about . definitely a keeper . but don 't tell anyone ... because then the line to get in will be down detroit rd and around the corner ... and i gotta have those potatoes !
1	wonderful dinner to start the new year . we were grinning from ear to ear , that was after we closed our eyes and tilted our heads back to enjoy each fatty burst of marbled goodness . the a5 filet was really great also , but didn 't have the same visceral reaction . skip the willamette and go with the ca pinot noir . go for the lobster salad and seasonal greens , bright and light to start your meal . i would say lighter on the butter for the mushrooms next round . end with the monkey bread . fantastic memorable meal . consistently sets the bar for steaks in vegas .
1	5 stars for the obama comment on the door soooooooo sad they had to close their doors ! !
1	i accidentally went on tuesday and found out that they had oxtail soup only on fridays . luckily i was able to go on a friday and enjoyed the soup . the soup came with a side of rice , cilantro and fresh ginger . the oxtail was huge and tender . my reasons to go to vegas are for the outlet and oxtail soup .
1	if that 's the sort of thing you 're into it 's worth the wait and coming late at night or early morning . the broth is so tasty i enjoy eating it with the rice . the meat is really tender and fatty . talk about foodgasm .
1	made with rib eye , they are perfect ! the pizza is really good to . they did cancel the promo for the free cinnamon poppers though .
1	they were delicious and cooked in a traditional oven . the portions were very generous and the service was quick and adequate for the place . i would recommend for anyone who is downtown and needs a quick pizza fix ( but not too quick ) . there were 75 pizzas to choose from so i will certainly be back to try some more .
1	so yummy ! the service is very efficient . ambience is simple and elegant . the menu is mediterranean . the quantity is quiet abundant for the price . the location is convenient but not in the fancy part of town . parking is available easily . weekdays around 5pm was not busy at all . coming to the food . the falafel was so crispy on the outside and soft on the inside . the chicken shawarma plate with bulgur and salad was tasty and the chicken was so tender and flavorful . the shish tawook had two skewers of chicken kabob well done . definitely worth the visit .
1	the best i 've tried in phoenix in 13 years .
1	chicken on spinach wrap tasted like it was just made fresh and even with the ingredients to choose from you can make it even tastier . to those who say chicken and rice were bland maybe you should try and add dressing or humus because alone it was totally fine for me . my wrap tasted better than anything at chipotle btw and that 's saying a lot .
1	i often go to this location b / c i work nearby on occasion . after i had finished eating , i realized i forgot my wallet ! my boyfriend was at home where my wallet was and i asked if he could pay over the phone with my credit card . the manager recognized me from coming in all the time and said not to worry about it and i could just pay the bill the next time i come in ! i couldn 't believe it .
1	food has nice presentation. taste is above average . ( 3.5 stars ) ordered seafood platter- crab legs are too salty steak--ordered medium rare but cooked more like medium lobster envy salad sticky caramel pudding--warm and very good ! best to make reservation ahead for the booth ( if 2 people )
1	rebecca was wonderful , smart , fast and very knowledgable about the menu . we were a large party of 7 , my sisters birthday and she was such a great server ! even my verrrry hard to please mother was impressed . the entire table enjoyed their meal and dessert was delicious ! but really , the entire meal was made fantastic because we had such great service .
1	we live in the bay area and each time we come over vegas , we try to stop here to see our great waiter pk ! such a nice waiter to have for your first meal of the day ! the food is good too ! great combo to have in the morning ! make sure to check it out ! highly recommend pk to serve you !
1	robert is a class act and an excellent example of how to run a restaurant through quality , top notch service . the location is exceptional for a summer dinner in wisconsin . nau-ti-gal is a madison must . we have been coming here a long time and it is the perfect outdoor dining establishment with an adorable nautical theme . madison original , madison staple , madison classic . they are great at what they do and it is always a pleasure to dine at the nau-ti-gal .
1	for the vegas hob ? ? ! ! really ? yeah .... here 's why ..... my wife and i stay in vegas way too much . we love mandalay bay . invariably , i check out who 's playing the hob downstairs , plunk down the money ( generally a great deal ) and go see a band of which i have a passing interest . i 've been blown away by some bands ( porcupine tree ) and pleasantly surprised by others ( joe satriani , styx , flogging molly ) some have been a drunkin mess . ( i 'm looking at you , joe rogan ) all have been entertaining .
1	those two items have taken us out to boulder city multiple times . it 's always super busy , but worth a short wait .
1	throw in a great selection of food and it solidifies the 5 stars ! our party of 4 had a variety of seafood and steak meals . all were very , very good . romantic , sophisticated and relaxed atmosphere calls for a nicer attire than shorts or jeans . service was superb . go to the top at least once when in vegas . the view of the entire valley is spectacular .
1	we ordered to go and loved every bite ! !
1	that thing is huge and delicious ! its 2lbs ( 1lb corn beef , 1lb pastrami ) of carnivore heaven ! this place is a must stop for me everytime i go to vegas .
1	everybody is always so friendly and their burgers always hit the spot . they are kind of pricey though ... just about $ 20 for two drinks , one fry , and two " little cheeseburgers "
1	- s 'mores , yes i said s 'mores .
1	had the green chili fry bread taco . so good ! everything you 've read before is true : very greasy and heavy . but i deem it a " must do " if not for the blind pleasure of fried food , but for the unique " cultural culinary adventure . " i came here by myself so didn 't have anyone to split a dessert fry bread with : - (
1	each sandwich ( named after pgh streets ) is freshly prepared . they slice the meat immediately after you order so you may have a short wait . pickle spears come w / each sandwich . the sandwiches are large , so go hungry and don 't worry about breaking the bank ( $ 6- $ 7 avg . ) .
1	simple delicious burger and fries . plenty of toppings and great fries . only thing missing is a good milkshake on the menu .
1	the food was delicious . the chefs can really cook a good medium well steak ! better than some expensive restaurants i have been to . went here with my parents and my family and everyone was pleased . i had the steak and eggs which was great . they deserve an award for the best teamwork i have ever seen at a restaurant . if you even look up at one of the employees they will ask you if you need anything . awesome ! no trying to flag down a server for food questions or extra napkins here ! everybody pitches in to make the experience good and quick , though it was very busy .
1	he loves the alfredo chicken pasta and i love the skinny menu .... a win for us both !
1	i had the american burger and truffle fries . it was absolutely the best burger i have ever had . there was a line but even though they said 30 minutes , it was actually 5 . service was quick and efficient . definitely a must eat place while in vegas !
1	good bye famous dave 's . will miss you . i referred so many people i should eat free . haha . bomb a $ $ food .
1	good food , excellent service and very friendly staff . i usually go there for breakfast or we pick up salad with chicken or salmon for dinner and we have never been disappointed .
1	great food with great staff . out of the way but you gotta stop in for great bbq ....
1	great ( i mean great ) food , very high quality & very affordable . everything on the menu is 4,95 . additional for add ons . the portions are not skimpy either-we had left overs . i split the french dip sandwich , the penne roasted tomato pasta and the poutine . i would live this night all over again .
1	great southern bbq . can 't wait to come back and try the catfish .
1	hands down . boys golfed in the morning , ladies met them for lunch ( call it après golf ) . stellar service , amazing views and excellent food . huns had an amazing burger . the house salad was fantastic . definitely a favorite here in vegas .
1	had a party of 7 and our waiter alvester ( jersey ) was absolutely awesome ! it 's so hard to find good service these days , but he exceeded our expectations . alvester was working tables , and the bar but yet we never felt neglected . he was on top of everything . he came in at a very hectic time but you would have never known it . he kept a smile on his face the entire time and stayed in good spirits . 5 star service ! the food was also delicious . nice , and hot . i would suggest anyone to ask for alvester by name , i know anytime i return to this location that i will . excellent experience !
1	hands down ! my boyfriend & i went here on a sunday morning , very crowded & we were told it would be a 20-25 minute wait . we were seated within 10 minutes . customer service was very friendly & loved that their work attire was pajamas . everything was delicious ! pancakes , coffee , oj , eggs benedict , cup of bread . loved it all & can 't wait to go back . one of the best egg benedict i 've ever had . overall great experience , spacious restaurant that is conveniently located , great atmosphere with pretty cool decor .
1	onion rings were fantastic , had the double burger with bacon . i will definitely be back . wish i knew about this place before !
1	this is the best fried chicken i 've had . waffles and watermelon are good but i would suggest going for the fried chicken only with a side order of mac and cheese . the mac and cheese was heavenly . service was on point . waiter was attentive and the food came out relatively fast . i would recommend this place to anyone !
1	if you don 't eat here while enjoying vegas then you missed out ! service was great and had them refills on drinks coming every moment i was out . great music playing in the background in perfect volume . i enjoyed all my plates and dessert was delicious with lots of variety . great place for food junkys ! will definitely come back next time i stay in vegas .
1	i think though that $ 12 for a few leaves of a salad was very funny . it was good but this is exactly how it tastes at home ( ok i make good salad ) i can imagine this to be a great place for someone who wants to rest after a stressful day and watch the city lights from a place tucked away on a mountain - and doesn 't mind spending minimum $ 65 per person . maybe it is a good idea to check if the pork , or any meat is grass fed - which would justify the price , or are the prices justified by elevation of the restaurant - which , at least for me , is not worth it .
1	i frequently visit vegas , and i always come to this local restaurant . the family is very hands - on and friendly . originally from the south , it is always refreshing to meet this kind of hospitality . oh and the food is absolutely delicious and real . best prices in town .
1	this guy makes amazing soups and rotis . i 'm no vegetarian , but the veggie roti is killer ! i worked in the area and ate here almost every day . trust your eyes when looking at the options and you shouldn 't be disappointed . and i recommend only ordering from the chalk " specials " board , not the other menu boards . and as mentioned in other reviews , this is a take-out sort of place . but 5-stars for the delicious soups and rotis ! ! yum !
1	i have been going to place years . they had me at the charcoal grill . i get a hotdog with cheese , bacon and a pickle . i grew up on eating martinos hotdogs on the southside of milwaukee . the only thing that could possible make this place better is a shorter line . they have even adopted the ipad ordering system to help curb the line at lunch time . always polite and always great food .
1	i 'm always up for trying new places to eat , but after trying old school pizzeria last september , i 'll avoid going anywhere else for pizza . they have the most amazing garlic knots , with some kind of magical sauce that makes two people order more than they would normally eat . and their pizza ... lets just say " addicting " is an understatement . it doesn 't really matter what time of the week or day you go , they are usually always busy ... but the wait isn 't usually too bad ... it just means lots of people know about this gem . best pizza in las vegas !
1	this place was awesome . i don 't write a ton of reviews but i absolutely loved this place ... great food , amazing service !
1	i think this subway was better than most subways i have been to ... service , cleanliness , taste , proportions , freshness , etc .. was higher than most , imho . great place to grab a quick lunch and habe some yummy food .
1	it was great to see a vegan menu and and some healthier options on the menu . our server was friendly and efficient , without being intrusive . great experience ! everything our table of 4 ordered was perfect , as were the complimentary pretzel breads with grainy mustard ... can 't wait for our next visit !
1	this place clearly serves the best fast-food burger ( in my opinion ) . you can taste the freshness in the meat . the bun is nicely toasted - the burger actually tastes like a grilled cheese and burger combined . i wish they had these back in central-florida !
1	the food was superb as well as the service . best choice thus far this week . i never had chicken and waffles before and i am glad this was my first . the drinks were unique and will guarantee a craving for at another date . will be back again . what blew me away the most was the mannerism of the staff . i run a business of over 220 people and would love to have these people representing my brand .
1	i have tasted some great food working in las vegas the past 10 years , but jessie rae 's bbq , just jumped to the top of my list of must try ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the food and flavor is outstanding and service was great . defiantly be back . do yourself a favor and go try jessie rae 's bbq
1	great spirits and energy ... and top-notch service ! i am vegetarian and they ( often ) will get crafty based on my dietary needs and never seize to amaze ! the staff are like friends you just haven 't yet met ! flipping love this place ! to boot , i brought my bestie from chicago and she ate 3 orders of their hush puppies all by herself b / c she was in heaven !
1	otherwise , you may be disappointed . this is a great lunch spot and there is ample parking . there is seating indoors or a small patio on the front . there is an assortment of different types of chicken salads and different ways to serve chicken salad . i have tried a few different ones : loaded potato , dill , egg + pickle , and blue cheese . my favorite so far has been the dill . the sides are also very good . i have enjoyed the pasta salad and the broccoli salad . there are other items on the menu such as quiche , but i have always gotten the chicken salad .
1	i had never had jersey mike 's before until a few weeks ago but holy cow ... please get it mike 's way too . the herbs , oil , vinegar , whatever else they put on it is what really makes this place unique . sure you can go to one of those other sub places and get a $ 5 footlong , but why when you can spend only a few bucks more for something 10 times better ? do yourself a favor and go ! ! i 'll be going tomorrow . : )
1	decor is clean , simple yet elegant . 3rd time here for sunday brunch and will definitely be back for more ! excellent food & service every time ! chopped salad and brussel sprouts apps are amazing ! ask for jared 's section ... he knows the menu and makes tasty recommendations ! he also makes you feel like you 're his only table !
1	i love me my chili . i asked for cheese and onion . added 2 packets of their milky hot sauce and a couple of crackers and enjoyed its warm hug in my tummy . the hamburger and sour cream potato eater had no complaints in that everything was fresh and warm . tastes how a standard wendy 's fare should be . love me my fresh brewed tea as well ! got the unsweetened and even got a quick refill ! order taker forochehr has a sweet personality that shown through during our order interaction .
1	i had the cuban-esque on rye . i went with my gf who has been there before and she said it was the best sandwich she 's had there . more like best sandwich i 've had , period . the cuban-esque came with some pork belly and butt covered in some delicious sauces , and you 'll even find the sandwich stuffed with some chips for an added crunch . there were other options for bread , but the rye was a great choice in my opinion . it was toasted to perfection ! the goodwich is a small shack off of las vegas blvd on the north end , so try not to miss it !
1	food is amazing , service was excellent and a very relaxed atmosphere . place was very busy wait was about 20 min . the eggs benedict and the kitchen and waffels were great they are a must have . if your in the south valley this is best breakfast place .
1	i love their ordering system so much . i get exactly what i want on my favorite item - a chicken cordon bleu bowl - and it 's always fresh and delicious . friendly , fast service every time ! which wich is my favorite sandwich place . even the ice is awesome . i 'm so excited that they 've opened a new location near my work so now i can enjoy it more often .
1	the food is great ! the staff is wonderful ! ! perfect place for a business lunch , brunch or just having a great meal with friends ! !
1	this establishment was prestigious for the price . the service was fantastic and the food was delivered on time and delicious ! i would definitely return for another meal .
1	i order from them quite of bit about 1 or 2 times ever other week i can 't say not 1 thing bad about them . chicken is fried to perfection and taste great . burgers are huge . cheese cake they give you a nice big slice . my wife likes their beef patties . i ask them to prepared something for me without the salt ( high blood pressure ) they do it and it still taste great . i give them 10 star for service and great food . but try it for yourself as y ou will not be disappointed .
1	food was the best i 've had in awhile ! service 100 % on point and the prices are very reasonable . will definitely be back !
1	it 's that good . freshly made , and you can taste that it is . the pasta alfredo was made to order . it was so delicious , i think they used the pasta water to make the sauce , incredible . reasonbly priced . clean atmosphere . knowledgable server , thank you patrick . we had a great dining experience .
1	i visited good food after a client suggested i go there for my birthday . it really was that good . pros - delicious ! they are " small " plates but really we were all way stuffed with one per person and maybe one to share . the staff was kind . cons - the wait is always incredibly long so make a reservation . it 's pricey but worth it and also quite loud . i definitely feel the need to try it again soon !
1	i wanted to do something special for my co workers. so i ordered bbq for our at-work 4th of july foodfest . from the catering dept , from the owner , to the wonderful hard working staff , i 've never experienced such amazing and on point customer service ! everyone had gone above and beyond to ensure my orders were completed . and the food ! from the pork ribs to the baked beans everything was delicious , packed efficiently and they even threw in serving utensils ! highly recommended ! ! a big thank you from us at the vp ! !
1	this is a must whenever i go to vegas , i often dine here 2-3 times on a 4 day trip . they have the best bone-in ribeye and creamed corn with truffle . the steak is cooked to perfection , you can feel it melt in your mouth -- that 's the best way i can describe it . if you haven 't tried this , you are missing out .
1	5 stars just because the " fit " bartender that everyone else has mentioned is hot , my type for sure !
1	i have never dined here but have come by many times for a pie to take home . the pumpkin pie for thanksgiving was outstanding . blows away the pies at the usual grocery stores in gilbert . very short line the day before too . sweet .
1	they have really great chocolate shakes , so good we went back a second time just for them . the breakfast was also good . classic diner style , with big portions . only disappointment was the biscuits - tasted a little rubbery and right out of the microwave , otherwise a solid place for a meal .
1	i havent tried anything else there. i was a skeptic at first. how can a tuna melt be that good at this sandwich joint so i decided to try it since i was staying at planet hollywood anyway. you wont be disappointed ! ! i dont even like tuna ! that is some like secret recipe and the fresh cheesy tasting bread made it superb ! ! even the simple swiss cheese they used seemed better than normal. trust me i dont give out many 5 stars unless they have a niche and earl 's has a special tuna melt !
1	our waitress was attentive and always around . a number of other staff also checked on us including management . they were all nice overall . the food cane fairly quick and was plated nicely . this was our first time and will not be our last . normally i read reviews first and i 'm glad i didn 't because i wouldn 't have came . so goes to show that not all reviews are worth taking into consideration .
1	love the entire staff and oh love the great food ice cold beers with some of tha greatest regulars
1	a bit small but lucky for us we didn 't have a problem with having to wait . i was greeted and assisted the moment i walked in . i 'm big on customer service and staff here are excellent . so many plates to choose from it took me longer than normal to place my order . i finally decided on happy mess . steak was perfectly cooked to melt in my mouth , no wedged pieces lodged in my teeth is a plus ! fries were so bomb i cleaned my bowl dry ! i 'm going back before i fly back home ! a must if your visiting vegas !
1	enjoyed the bone in rib-eye , lobster and ultimate margarita .
1	food options are good but i can only ever really focus on the latte 's . outstanding . if you have not gone ... make it a point . if you really enjoy an authentic latte then you will be returning again and again .
1	the quality was incredible . ever bite you are reminded of what food should taste like - natural and healthy , leaving you energized and feeling great . i had the grass fed burger with sweet potatoes and kale salad . i usually hate kale , but the lemon juices and seasonings made it super tasty ! the rest of the day i felt good and wasn 't tired . i walked through the kitchen and they have people peeling carrots , washing lettuce , cutting squash , etc . i 'll definitely be back and sharing this with my friends and family .
1	nothing else needed . if you haven 't eaten in-n-out yet and you are currently in az ... if you 're not a vegetarian .... are you from mars ? get in here and order a # 3 right now .
1	not only was the food great , but the manager working today went above and beyond ! i had been stuck in the airport for hours after storms caused massive travel delays . he let me purchase food even though we were closed and then offered me bottled water at no charge ! i saw him give another woman complimentary coffee . he was doing everything he could to help stranded travelers . i frequently fly through charlotte and will always make it point to give this place business , they 're truly wonderful ! note : i signed up for a yelp account just to give them kudos , that 's how impressed i was .
1	not sure why some people can 't understand good tasty food ? i went in tonight even though there were a few not so good reviews . i 'm glad i did ! service was great ! and the food great ! i ordered a chicken kabob and beef kabob combo . it came with rice , side of salad , and some damn good hummus ! very filling ! and i 'm not a small guy ! i will definitely re-visit this place ! thanks guys !
1	lisa , our server , and donna , gm , completely took care of us and blew us away with not only great food but genuine hospitality and overall niceness . we really enjoyed our visit . thanks very much !
1	if its summer just put your name down and enjoy downtown hudson .
1	mastros never ceases to amaze . fantastic wine selection , love the scallops appetizer , best filets in the state , and be sure to get the butter cake for dinner . we are huge mastros fans and my company uses this restaurant to recruit new employees ... regularly ! treat yourself and enjoy the deliciousness that is mastros !
1	ok i know canada has good fries everywhere but this place best home fries in toronto . scrambled eggs good . orange juice great . plus outside is great . just one problem flies ! ! ! waiters very nice . so this place is yummy yummy yummy yummy patrick 's son over and out .
1	this joint looks like a food court joint next to the venetian sport book and poker room . we sat down just to try it . the burgers were incredible . not as good a bachi burger , but way better than expected . medium rare is medium rare , not medium .
1	a dinner and.a.show. he is an incredibly funny waiter . you have to.ask for jimmy . he made us comeback . kids had a blast with all the trivia he had for them .
1	his name was john and he 's in school for business great great great ! sadly i dnt like hot food lol i 'm not a spicy food eater at all . i tried it though , our appetizers were fried crawfish tails oh they were soooo good & & fried shrimp ! ! ! !
1	prices are great and so are the portions . poutines come with chicken and chorizo on it and is only 7 $ tax in for a generous portion although its only a " small . " i dont recommend the sandwiches though as i find their choice of bread not to be the best . i do have to say i dont feel that great after eating here but i do crave it from time to time . the chicken is atleast as good or better than romados .
1	- prices were reasonable for the quality of food , many under $ 15 - fresh baked pecan chocolate chip cookies a dozen for $ 6.95 - the duck potstickers are off the chain ! in other words , they are yummy . i 'd eat this for breakfast , lunch , dinner , and as a midnight snack lol . - it was 4 am in the morning , we had a party of 8 , and we had one waitress whom provided exceptional service . do not eat here without ordering the duck potstickers !
1	have to give a shout out to my favorite wing joint of all time . nothing has changed from the early 90s including the fabulous wings , curly fries , and dated decor . just the way it should be ... no corporate franchise or expansion to ruin a good thing ! ! ! ! !
1	on a side note , what location scout genius decided to open another bbq restaurant right next door ? they will be out of business in less than three months , based on proximity alone . too da fxxkin ' loo ! eat at rudy 's today ! it 's the best .
1	the happy hour food is amazing.burgers is made of midwestern real beef , steak salad , sides & appetizers are out of this world . the servers are outstanding , brandon , jesse , nathan are out of this world . no babies & kids are to come here at all . enjoy the romanticambiance
1	the spicy bbq sauce is the best in the valley . the meat quality is good , the bbq sauce is what makes this place 5 stars . 0 stars - problem is it is closed forever. spot is available for lease .
1	grow the fck up . also astonishing is a bad review from someone who expected a place called " tequileria , " to be " kid friendly ? " wtf ? you couldn 't find a fast food place that served happy meals at the airport ? jeeze ! anyway , the presentation and taste of my guacamole appetizer and tortilla soup were terrific ! bar service from pat was courteous and prompt !
1	service , food , atmosphere , friendly staff and very knowledgeable waiter . there was no waiting ( for table or for food ) even on a friday night . food was phenomenal . love pastrami pork belly , their specialty salad and my main dish ( spare rib ) .
1	when you have created something that no one even tries to copy because they just can 't you know you have the best . we got a capicola and cheese and the boys split the combo cheese both were excellent . it may seem weird for you to throw slaw , tomatoes , and fries on a sandwich , but just do it . matt hates slaw , but after i insisted he at least try it he was sold and quickly put some on his . the best part of course is that our kids loved it too . which is what for us sets these guys over the top .
1	the best gourmet burgers i 've ever had . there are two locations here in las vegas , i usually go to the one in summerlin . awesome service , good music , good tv shows on ( cooking shows and espn ) . clean classy interior , and most important of all delicious food . check it out when you can , you won 't regret it !
1	the pancakes were the perfect amount of fluffy . their syrup also a + . specialty coffees a + . most breakfast food places do the whole extremely huge portion that you 'll never finish thing . this place gives you the perfect portion . something you can actually finish ! i will admit , the wait was a little long but well worth it .
1	i could not find anything i did not like .
1	so well deserved . they have things together . amazing selection and wonderful tasting food . amazing ambiance and a friendly staff .
1	staff is great , friendly and knows my family by name . we enjoy coming into lucky lous for great food and awesome happy hour specials ! granted there is 3 locations , this is the original and we enjoy it . shannon , cathy thanks !
1	5 star steakhouse everything was good except the tuna tar tar do not order it unless you like to taste different than anywhere else ... it was ok to have spice to it but the flavors made it far from tuna tar tar
1	the wine is bit over priced but the steak is fair for the quality . i have eaten there many times over the years and when on business in canada got same service and food . never let down . my favorite is the teriyaki steak chicago style , medium .
1	the food is amazing ! ! sweet potato pancake and omg french toast is to die for . the staff is awesome , bianca is the best !
1	they serve you warm bread and pita as you are ready to order . their bread melts is your mouth . the salads are fresh and crisp tossed lightly with olive oil . my favorite is the gyros plate ; served with a lemony authentic pilaf , you can tell it 's home made . the gyros are tender and flavorful . the staff is extremely nice . the atmosphere is authentic , not extremely fancy but very welcoming .
1	my table was clean , they had hot tea and honey , and the waitress let me custom order my veggie breaky sandwich ( which came out delicious and not at all greasy ! ) . also the breakfast potatoes were very tasty ! great service and good inexpensive food at 6am .. i give this a major thumbs up !
1	this little french gem in cleveland is a must go for all foodies ! ! here 's why : 1 ) fresh warm bread served immediately 2 ) attentive servers 3 ) the food ! 4 ) location highly recommend : duck confit , seared sea scallops , goat cheese tart , arugula salad and oysters ! only con is very small tables which is hard to have a conversation with your date but who needs talk when you 're having your own relationship with your food ; )
1	the burgers and fries are good but the milk shakes are exceptional . the people that work there are very nice too . if you 're some what regular they 'll remember you . i have recommended them to many friends and family ! ! !
1	this place is delicious . incredible food , yummy drinks and low key atmosphere . i 'd recommend the bruschetta to start . the beef tenderloin mixed with the truffle oil and asparagus is so yummy . i had the italian wedding soup and it was incredibly tasty . the meatballs were full of flavor ! can 't wait to go back and try the handmade pastas .
1	this place is legen--wait for it-- and i hope your not lactose intolerant , because the second half of his word is--dary ! amber delivers rockstar service . only wish is if they had a better way to organize the wait on the weekends with a small space ( pagers maybe ) . perhaps they would be interested in a partnership where we can park a food truck serving the menu to help manage the huge demand on the weekends while maintaining the same excellent quality .
1	this place nails it . greeted immediately by our server at the door and given our choice of table or booth . he was knowledgeable , friendly , courteous and attentive . extremely professional . bread , salad and main course we 're top notch . presentation , awesome . cannoli 's are filled fresh on order . we are recent transplants from new york and these guys nail it ! i feel sorry for the reviewers that recommend the chain across the street , for you do not know what good food and service is about . now , if i could just find some good pizza out here ...
1	shes just hot and funny as hell .. ! cookies and cream fudge to finish this and i just dont even remember what i ordered . i will be back .
1	i got a 2 for 1 buffet by staying at ti and for $ 30 , my girlfriend and i enjoyed a lotttt of food for dinner . we got there around 6 : 30 and were very surprised there was only 4 people on front of us . i personally had chinese , seafood and bbq plates and all of them were great . the chef who made pasta for my girlfriend was very friendly and professional . oh and the dessert section .... amazing . our waitress provided great service and we left very pleased . excited to return next time for maybe some breakfast or lunch .
1	great service .. awesome food .. endless coffee and flavored creamers , definitively coming back soon , you gotta try the santa cruz skillet with sticky rice instead of potatoes .. when you come to the restaurant ask to be seated in nicole 's section , you won 't regret it !
1	best sandwiches . yummy. plus having wise chips is extraordinary . brings the , east coast feel to my belly . great and friendly service too .
1	we had a little wait because the restaurant was packed . but well worth the wait . the homemade banana muffin was excellent , the hash browns , bacon and eggs were cooked perfectly . my husband had a spinach omelet and the best biscuits and gravy we have ever tasted . even the coffee was delicious . highly recommended ! !
1	we had french onion soup , curry chicken salad sandwich and beignets . the three dipping sauces with the beignets were all delicious . french press coffee was amazing . spectacular service .
1	food was excellent . our server cameron was very attentive and explain to us the menu since it was our first time here . he recommend the 3 meat combo and everything was delicious ! mashed potatoes are very good and the ribs are the best ! if you are a bread lover like me , you will loooveee their corn bread . it was so good i had to ask some more to take home ! if you are in phoenix you can 't miss it . go hungry because portions are generous .
1	the staff truly make it an experience . the food was basic- burgers and hot dogs but the wine iv is a must try ! such a fun place and such a fun staff ! !
1	this place is 20 miles from my house in candler , but i will be back time and time again . even though it 's tucked away in a gas station , local joint could easily thrive downtown alongside some of the legends of asheville . the burger i had was easily among the best 3 i 've ever tasted , and my wife said that she has never had sirloin prepared so perfectly in her entire life , no exaggeration . the prices are spectacular for the quality that you get , and the pride in local sources makes it fit right into the avl scene .
1	can 't get enough of the chicken bruschetta and greek fries , yum !
1	yeah , i know i know ... 5 stars for a fast food restaurant ... am i crazy ? am i weird ? no no no ... well ... maybe . : ) but 5 stars because the chicken fingers are simply the best . i don 't like much of anything else here . well they don 't have much of anything else besides fries , toast and sweet tea here . the fingers are juicy , well flavored and even though it 's fried , it 's not too greasy . i go here at least once a week for some good and cheap lunch . anyone working downtown wanna join me ?
1	want to know what i ate ? here goes the list . i split 1 cannoli. yep. and it got 5 stars from me. why ? because it was freakin amazing . i 'll be back to sample the whole menu , and get some italian meats to go , but for now , that simple cannoli gets 5 stars . just the right amount of chocolate chips in it , perfect creamy texture . nice crispy , buttery shell . was awesome .
1	that 's it , just go . dirty dinner at its best . when i say everything is good , it 's really good . just writing this makes me wanna go tonight . this isn 't your fancy designer truffle foie gras burger place that every wanna be top chef is making . it 's simple food done right . apparently it 's very difficult to make a good burger , but these guys have it down to a science .
1	no wimpy smoothies or oatmeal here . i 'm talking tofu scramble and vegan hash . i 'm in love ...
1	seriously the best - the best - veggie burger i have ever had ! i wanted a change from the normal " custom creations " when we went last week . i had heard good reviews on the phat patti and they were not wrong ! give this one a try if you are wanting something different from the normal meat or poultry options offered here . i will definitely be having this again !
1	for one , i 've never had a bad experience eating there ... their food and service has always exceeded my expectations . secondly , their pan seared foie gras literally took my breath away because i was enjoying it so much i damn near forgot to breath . that is saying a lot because normally i don 't like liver ! for a quick recommendation , try their filet mignon , duck or ask for their filet medallions , it is off the menu but the flavor is amazing . for a full review read my post at : http : / / foodilistic.com / reviews / delmonicos-las-vegas /
1	we sat down at the bar , started a hotdog tab , and ate the night away . and don 't forget the sloppy joe and nacho cheese covered fries . don 't forget ! what i really appreciate is the creative combos they offer up for your dogs . we loved the over-hard egg , hollandaise , bacon , and cheddar dog . soooooo good . but there are so many and you 'll be back to try another - or make up your own . i left very happy , happy dog .
1	so i just started workin at children hospital , and was lookin for a nice place / good food to eat , i asked people there and they told me to go caffe mona , just a cross from where i work , its like a min walk . and i walked in this amazing cafe shop . i loved it . the wall decor , outside seating under rainbow umbrellas and everything is just excellent . i so ordered portobello crepe , and home made iced tea . crepe was so good , melted swiss cheese and onion with portobello mushrooms .. yummmm .. its just mouthwatering .. im so glad i found this place , very european , cozy and hipstery cafe shop . highly recommended
1	i had a very tasty french dip hot sub . the meat was tender and flavorful , the roll was fresh and crusty , and the au jus was the perfect companion for dunking . the atmosphere kept me very entertained while i ate . excited to try more subs !
1	it 's 2 blocks off the strip . had so much fun . if you 're playing tables , look for chuck , he 's hilarious and super helpful at teaching you the game .
1	great wine menu , and the friendly wait staff is always happy to suggest wines according to your preference . good happy hour , too- strong manhattans ! love the atmosphere of this place , and am always happy to return .
1	the place is always full but i 've never had to wait to be seated . great service with a cozy , cafe ambiance .
1	steak loaded bake potatoes , spinach salad finished off with butter cake yummy . happy anniversary to us !
1	this is by far the best quality of meal prepping available on the market . i made a mistake when placing my last order , i called and the owner called me back promptly ! she told me it would be no issue at all to correct what i had accidentally done . i love the hands on and dedication she showed for her business . the meals came and were delicious . i love my options and the rich healthy natural flavor that i know are the best ingredients put into my food by a company that cares about health and the general well being of their customers ! thank you meal prep las vegas ! ! we are all thankful for you ! !
1	5th great experience ! place has a great lay out lots of space . caters to my kids ( owner brings them fried dough ) while we enjoy our food to keep them happy . prices are great . they remember you ! jessica is very efficient and great person ! i 'm new to yelp because looking for good restaurants like this . oh yeah try the brechetta it 's the best
1	the food is allays top quality , meets & seafood . we have even done the tasting menu . this is differently not the place to go if you want a quick steak . its more of experience to be savored. the wait staff is on point to make recommendations on everything from appetizers and wines to the well presented coffees and deserts . if you are considering a night out with friends and the food and service need to be top shelf . this is the place .
1	the place is just perfect . so glad we have webb custom kitchen here in gastonia . no just the best restaurant in gastonia one of the best in the state . looking forward to years of fine dining there .
1	lunch at 1 : 30 on sunday . 3 veggie paste ( brown rice , sweet potato , asparagus ) with salmon . fountain drink . ideal lunch . $ 18-19 . honestly worth it .
1	the servers have all been friendly , helpful and cheerful . the food has been great and i 've been getting from different parts of the menu each time . the only thing to keep in mind is you may have to wait 20-30 minutes during the busy hours , that 's not incoming but keep it in mind ( i 've overheard others complaining about it while we 've been waiting ) we come here almost once a week and we 'll continue to do so !
1	i ordered del monaco steak sandwich less bun with fries and she brought me a cheeseburger no bun with fries ! ! then i showed my plate to bartender and she got me the. correct food i understand being new but after asking 2x 's the new waitress should have said she would check with chef not leave plate and hurry away i will go back because the food is great and usually the service is great also
1	got the hash browns instead of the homefries and got them extremely crispy like i ordered them and the bacon was crispy like i ordered them . i will bring my snowbird friends here .
1	sorry no photos ! leaving vegas and my friends wanted steak before we go ! everything was great ! the steaks and scallops were phenonmenal . the bread pudding was the best we ever had . service was the best !
1	back from last time . this place is still an all time fav when in madison . you need the rib eye ! they had this porkloin that was amazing . ordered 80 % of menu items and all were off the chain . come here ! this place is amazing ! we had pretty much 14 choices of 20 in the menu . great beer and good food . the wagyu ribeye is a must ! squash blossoms are great , pork belly awesome , rabbit rillete ....
1	what a deal ! ingredients were fresh and delish . service was friendly smiley and quick . its located in the casino so its a little smokey inside but not so much in this restaurant . if there were anything to really gripe about itd be i had to butter my own toast . lol
1	she was super friendly and always smiling . she kept our drinks full and made sure we were always happy ! colleen is hands down the best server we have had in a very long time ! colleen , thank you for making our night enjoyable ! , , , , , our food was also tasty and hot ! i left extra stuffed .... delicious
1	our waiter steve great , service beyond our expectations . the hot antipasto was a meal in itself . your glasses never saw the bottoms and johnny on the spot whenever you wanted grated cheese or pepper . some people i see would write a poor review do to a wait for your food but then say how great it all is-well they just don 't know what us put into good food , quality and time . this was our first visit and can 't wait to go back to try other dishes .
1	it was a last minute decision to drop in at paul martin 's and it was the best meal of during our week in scottsdale . i had the skirt steak and husband had the brick chicken . we ended with a shared piece of the banana cream pie . the service was outstanding . the food was so delicious . and the drinks were so fresh we ordered a second round . don 't pass up this restaurant . you will not be disappointed .
1	i 'm in love ! ! ! ! ! the restaurant was very clean . brandon took my order and was very helpful and polite and he brought me pizza out to me when i was outside on the phone and went back for me parmesan and chili . the only downside is there 's no restrooms inside this establishment , you have to walk all the way over to newport motors restroom .
1	go with the jerked chicken and you 'll leave very happy . open 24 hours .
1	the definition of an unbeatable price . we dined here the morning we were leaving vegas , and it definitely set our moods in the right direction . great service and fantastic food ! i was completrly datisfied with my food . eggs were perfect . steak was on point , and the grits had the best crunchy , flavorful batter . i normally never eat grits , but i devoured my entire meal . i could go on and on , but i wont . this place is a must try !
1	? ! ? ! fez friggin ' rox kk ! ! had the salad and a pom rita it was all yum-gasmic ! ! cant wait to go back i think my goal in life right now is to try everything on the menu . yes call me what you will i got # 69 ; )
1	$ 11 prime rib that includes a beer ? yes , please ! i am never disappointed when i come here . it 's worth the 40 minute wait the place has sometimes . this place looks pretty shady inside and out , but once you try the food , you 'll be hooked .
1	you can even split it but you have to pay extra . believe me 1 omelette will be more than enough for 2 people . the selection is diverse with lots of choices for everyone . they have lunch items but the breakfast items are more popular . banana nut bread is awesome . i had the philly cheesesteak omelette and i could not finish it . the potatoes are great thinly sliced and a bit crunchy . these guys know what they are doing with regards to breakfast . bring your appetite if you go here because the food portions are huge . btw service is fast , friendly and efficient .
1	pork animal burger is the best burger i 've had . definitely will be coming back .
1	decent sized menu with something for everyone . the truff driver was pretty amazing and made for great leftovers the next day ! our server was training but did a great job . i felt that the server and trainer came to check in enough but not too much ! restaurant and restrooms were clean . i 'd definitely come back !
1	? yes please ! it 's hard to come by places like this which are affordable yet yummy and healthy these days . say goodbye to pricey financial district lunches in this area ! tip : when the server asks if you want hot sauce , ask for hummus at the same time and you get it for free . it 's delicious !
1	not only do you have an abundance of delicious food , it 's healthy , fresh , and authentic greek cuisine . if you have never tried mediterranean food before , this restaurant is the perfect place to try it out ! i highly recommend shako mako grill if you want a delicious , affordable meal .
1	cool ! i ordered the crab cakes egg benedict i think it was called , and it was really good. nice big pieces of crab and you can taste it really well. the egg was done just right and the hash browns ! ! ! sooo goood. my friend had the chocolate bacon pancakes which were such a treat ! really unexpected flavors and really yummy , more like dessert but it was delicious. others had the original eggs benedict and etc , but we were all quite happy and satisfied with our meal . i think it was $ 26 for each person with tip. will definitely come again ! and try that onion soup !
1	first we were a little skeptical since the outside isn 't appealing to the eye but forget about the cosmetic . it 's clean & delicious ! ! ! ! the spicy is really spice so beware and take their advise .... order 1 lower ! ! ! had 1lb king crab with corn in lemon butter @ spicy - enough and tasty ! i think more would have been too much of the " extremely rich " sauce !
1	says it serves 2-4 but 3 big eaters could barely eat two thirds of this bowl . those cucumbers with macadamia nuts were delicious . pass on all buns , except the pork belly . and finally , the chilled spicy noodles ( not pictured ) were the highlight of my night . that and the birthday cake ! thanks momofuku for a delightful birthday celebration !
1	i enjoyed this place because it was chic and the service was really good . our waitress as well as the hostesses were incredibly friendly and were able to point us towards some local watering holes . the 1 mile walk to the bathroom was interesting . i also enjoyed the huge photograph in front of the urinals , want to know what it is ? go and find out ! muwahahahahahaha
1	all of us loved it . the ambiance is cool . i had the reuben and it was great but it would be nice if they grilled the bread instead of just toasting it . and when you 're paying that much for a sandwich it 'd be nice if fries were included . i don 't like being nickeled and dimed to death . but i was very happy with the huge pickle ! ! i 'm definitely coming back . it was great ! !
1	the food was delicious and hot and didn 't take long at all . super friendly staff and affordable prices . thanks again evan ! keep up the great work . hats off to the chef .
1	we were seated in the back where it was not that loud . our waitress amanda was amazing . we always had water and we had plenty of time between courses to take our time . we were never rushed . out apps and dinners where delicious and all came out hot . i would go again next time i 'm in las vegas
1	knew we had to drop some $ $ $ to get it . best meal of my life ! ! ! ! ! amazing service . 100 % attentive . we trusted the server and let him pick for us . first time i had meat so tender .... literally melted in my mouth . can meat even do that ? ? very happy and would go again ! ! !
1	all for $ 13 . what a perfect lunch . the bar tender ( where i ate ) was very very nice and on top of the service . i was amazingly pleased .
1	fantastic service and even as it became packed by 7pm our server was on point . steak , pesto pasta , pizza and salads super fresh and tasty . the open kitchen was warm and inviting with people scurrying around but not loud or annoying . worth the experience .
1	need i say more ? most friendly way staff ever , great food , and i cannot believe the price of the amazing lobster deal here-not to mention you are in vegas and caesar 's palace , where you expect to pay an arm and a leg and here you are with the best deal ever ! did i mention how ridiculously tasty the lobster is grilled , cracked in half , succulent and fresh ? and did i mention it 's claw is bigger than my hands ? and the claw meat is oh so amazingly tasty ? look forward to coming back and having lobster again , i think i 'm i have to make this a regular stop from now on .
1	we were originally going to eat at hawaiian tropics zone across the hallway until i walked in and saw 6 guys getting served by two waiters. really , who goes to htz to get male waiters . anyways , earl 's has great tasting sandwiches at a great price ... you 'll just have to deal with waiting in line to get your food as its fastfood style . not much for ambiance but extremely convenient and palatable .
1	food is delicious , unique and aplenty here . burgers are of good value and the bottomless fries are excellent with their ranch dressing . a very unique experience all the way around with this red robin restaurant and certainly would love to dine here again . friendly faces , good , positive attitudes , attentive wait service and staff and delicious foods are just a few words to describe this red robin location . a +
1	boralia restaurant delivered and executed every single dish with perfection ! ! inspired by historic origins of canadian aboriginal dishes . smoked mussels , bison , venison fois gras and duck dish are few of my favourites ! ! ! their service was beyond my expectations ! ! ! ambience set an intimate yet friendly atmosphere . food was very soulful and makes your palate begging for more . this is my top ten favourite restaurants in toronto . kudos to the chefs , the servers , and owners ! ! ! priced just right ... i 'll be back ! ! !
1	this by far the best pizza i have ever had anywhere . i dream about this place and never fail to eat it when i 'm in the burgh . it is ridiculous how good this place is .
1	this einstein 's is amazing ! the staff is friendly and prompt . i have visited the other locations in the surrounding area and the service and food fall short of the bar set by 59th and tbird location . i have to attribute the quality found at this location to the owner . he is a beast ! it 's easy to see that the man takes pride in his establishment and cares about the customers . you rock man ! i will continue to frequent this location .
1	i am so amazed not only by the selections but the flavor that comes from these convenient healthy meals ! ! if you haven 't tried it , i don 't know what you are waiting for ! ! ! !
1	i was so happy when rob stopped me on my way back from the gym and told me about 702 . coming from florida i was used to going to a meal prep store to get all my food , 10 months here i 've been searching for the perfect meal prep place and it kind of fell into my lap ! the food is delicious and healthy , you can tell that love was put into every meal which makes me enjoy the food that much more . if you 're looking for a meal prep place and you hate to cook like me but you also love good food look no further : )
1	fresh food , chicken shawarma was well seasoned and cut right off the spit ! their housemade white garlic sauce is to die for ! their lentil soup is simple and light . very tasty and heart warming . i love how the salad is comprised of mixed greens rather than generic iceberg lettuce at most shawarma spots . service is friendly and they even bring your meal to you ! 2 big screen tv 's playing cp24 so you can watch the news during lunch / dinner . lol . if this place does not offer you bang for your buck , i don 't know what does .
1	7 / 11 store at charleston and las vegas blvd the employees take very good care of their customers
1	everyone & everything was on point . i 've had so many bad experiences at mc donalds but for these guys i decided to make a yelp account just for this ! chicken nuggets and fries were perfectly crispy and the whole drive through crew was amazingly nice and they got our order right which is a gigantic plus in my book . thanks for making our stay in vegas even better ! going again today ! hehehe
1	i had the chicken salad sandwich & was able to get two meals out of 1 sandwich ! i want to try breakfast there next .
1	both are awesome . i love the apples and toffee dip so much i came home and googled the recipe . the chicken is always perfect . love the many dipping sauce choices . lemonade is great ! very clean and wonderful staff .
1	finally decided to check it out . excellent food . nice size portions . staff very friendly and hard workers . staff 's uniforms very colorful . cocktail waitresses in fancy dresses . love the trees in the middle of the restaurant . clean restrooms . will definitely come back .
1	not bad . the play place area was very clean as well . the food was prepared very fast . staff was kind . no complaints with this mcdonalds . a +
1	nice and friendly place . peanuts while you wait . ordered a bacon burger and little fries . burger you can customize we added jalapenos to ours . regular burger comes with 2 patties , nice and juicy . the fries you get 1 / 2 a bag full and freshly made .
1	went for lunch this wednesday and have a great hamburger cooked to perfection by lincoln the owner and some great fries and avery nice stella draft beer both servers are excellent and and remember your name when you walk in this is a great place to dine will go back as often as i can
1	excellent food , we ordered the meat plate , 1 / 2 rack of ribs plate and the brisket plate ... everything was delicious , service was warm and friendly and the restaurant was impeccably clean . we will definitely go back as will the arizona residents who came with us . : )
1	7 / 4 / 2016 visiting from california , stopped in with family , great food and great service but a little pricey .
1	i 've done a few meals here and can 't find much to complain about . it may not be the most romantic place on earth , and the beverages are quite expensive , but i 'm sure i will return to this establishment when visiting sin city .
1	not on the menu have to ask for it . such a great deal , i will never eat anywhere else on the strip . the shrimp are amazing ! ! ! it comes with steak , shrimp potatoes broccoli great !
1	i always get the same thing , and i am completely full and out the door , including tax and tip , for $ 10 ! the loco moco is very hearty and a real bargain for only $ 5.25 from 2am-7am . they also have 16oz micro brews for $ 2 during that time.i have only been there during lunch / dinner hours once before , but i had a very enjoyable meal that time , as well . i had the mahi mahi , which was great . then i had probably the greatest dessert on earth , the deep-fried cheescake .
1	all four of us ordered it and everyone thought that it was a great meal . the steaks came out hot and fresh of the grill . the shrimp was sweet and cooked to perfection . i recomend adding sour cream to the mash and this will complete and excellent surf and turf meal for under 10 bucks .
1	this place is pretty nice , once side is the bar and the other is the restaurant side which is dived by a glass wall . our server was very friendly and helpful . i got simple mozzarella sticks , one thing i will say is their marinara sauce is delicious , it wasn 't bland , and you could tell it was fresh which tied those mozzarella sticks together .
1	this place is delicious and convenient if you are staying at planet hollywood . the prices are amazing for the quantity and quality you are receiving . wished we had found this little gem earlier on , as it would have saved us from wasting money on subpar food elsewhere . friendly staff and quick service .
1	i had the brisket & it was so so tasty ! can 't wait to go back .
1	... $ 7.99 prime rib dinner was way more than i expected ... great price , good meal , fast friendly service , even on the night we were there , it was hella crowded , dec 30th ... i will return !
1	cray cray. at first i was a little skeptical ... wouldn 't you be ? but i kept an open mind. came here for dinner with some friends. there was a bit of a wait but no longer than 15-20 mins. i ordered the steak dinner special which comes with a perfect 8 oz steak , green beans , your choice of baked / mashed potatoes or french fries , and either root beer / house beer. the steak was legit ! so good. my friend ordered the prime rib dinner for $ 12.99 ... that was legit too ! the root beer was super tasty as well. service was alright. i 'll be back ... definitely can 't beat the prices here . = )
1	carribean jerk fusion wings . garlic parmesan fries . tasty ranch sauce . absolutely love this place . food was fresh and hot .
1	enough said . giant delicious diet coke . yesssss . also they have tea and will mix it with sweet tea or lemonade for a little ap action . haven 't tried any food ... well ok that 's a lie , i once ordered a small fry . it was salty , fresh and tasty !
1	probably not a huge value in going through each course , as the menu is set and constantly changing - but as long as you don 't mind surprises and are open to eating delicious food , this place is for yoh
1	the service is amazing . l ' etoile is amazing and the food is pure artistry . worth it ! !
1	i ordered the fish sandwich , fries & an iced tea . the fish was bigger than the bun , the bun was toasted but not overdone , the fries were nice & crispy to the last bite . this is a great special , sure to not be around very long , but for a good lunch at a decent price- i 'll be coming back here at least once a week ... : )
1	i had the smoke salmon benedict that was fantastic . highly recommend ... also sit outside if possible ... very nice .
1	the food was great , the service was excellent ! we were sat down quickly , menu explained as well as the day 's specials . food served quickly and was very good ! no complaints ..
1	+ $ 7 pound of big wings , menu swaps out medium wing sauce for a tasty and more interesting curry / chili blend , $ 5 pints ( bud ) , location , free phone charging station - all wings but one were drumstick , patio had few bees lol service was fine prognosis : would def return
1	i like a burger on the thinner side and this was but man was it packed with flavor and it was juicy . my husband got the standard mania burger and it was also juicy but after trying my burger i caught him longingly looking over eyeing mine haha . i 've been here before but it 's been a while ... not good on the waistline but yum ! the place itself is run down a bit but they sure make it interesting with food and drink options . if you haven 't been , i suggest the trip .
1	there 's a variety of food options in an open market setting . local loaf and hazelnut are some of my favorites here . the chicken and the egg is my go to entree with a side of cucumber salad unless they have beer cheese and broccoli soup . there was one time the beer cheese and broccoli soup was congealed . but normally it 's pretty good . just got the chicken and the egg again and at least three people asked me where i got it because it looked so good . my friend said people were coming up and looking at my food and staring . so here is a pic .
1	the latest visit was just a quick 5pm stops for some beers and appetizers with friends , again some interesting new beers to try . we had the brewers board app , nice selection of appetizers and all tasty . previous visits have been on the back patio , a very fun place eat and even let your dogs socialize . sunday breakfasts and the weekend barbecues are some of our favorites . it 's a bit of a drive for us , but definitely worth it , the food and service have been consistently great my dog is addicted to the free dog biscuits they bake there , so i always make sure i have a pocketful on the way out .
1	the wine is wonderful . the bartenders hot . the atmosphere is cozy . this is definetely a great date place or just a nice place to catch up with some friends . lago 's around the corner was great for dinner after appetizers at 806 . 806 could use a little bigger dessert menu .
1	fabulous cheesesteaks . this place is fantastic . i visited the original location many times , but it was too far away from my ballantyne home to travel there too often . this location opening up is fantastic !
1	if you 're looking for a cheesesteak customized to your liking , this is the place . ty mgr steve for making me a new cheesesteak ( at no cost ) because the jerk seasoning ( which i ordered ) was too spicy for my liking . i highly recommend this south side spot !
1	8 / 18 / 17 5 of us had dinner tonight prime rib special was excellent fish & chips excellent jc our waitress was excellent will go back as often as i can had dinner here last night with my daughter and son in law and one of my nieces and everything was excellent service with janes our waiter was very good with explaining food choices and specials prices are very good for value of food and portion size will definitely be back
1	i don 't like filling up on crust . i got almost all the meats , including anchovies . some veggies . soda , large , for $ 2.49 . a little pricey , but the pizza made for two meals . we got there early with no line . it takes a while to make custom pizzas , so if there 's a line , be prepared to wait . the ingredients are set up like a port o subs in front of you . i don 't like pizza usually , but i give the service , mostly young kids , and food taste , quality , and perfect cooking level 5 of 5 stars .
1	everything is nice and quite edible however doesn 't hit the spot and give you that euphoric feeling . making love without reaching to its climax .
1	hands down ! great prices , great food and good service . try the salsa verde nachos ! ! awesome ! !
1	the decor and fireplace create a hip and cozy atmosphere . i have been here twice now and everything has been delicious ! my favorite dishes : the grilled four cheese - so many yummy cheeses and melted perfectly the chorizo flatbread - super delish , perfect combination of toppings the baked brie - love the combination of brie and sweet compote the carbonara - really good carbonara sauce , my only wish is that it had pancetta instead of chicken an bacon the wine list and wait staff also added to the awesomeness . our waitress was super friendly , nice and good at her job . i will definitely be back soon !
1	i enjoyed how chill it was for being on the strip of all places ; it was like being back in nyc ( where i 'm from ) because we have a bunch of cool chill spots such as this . there are games inside , and the drink menu is pretty awesome too !
1	the white trash burger is out of this world . great food and awesome place .
1	is there a better sandwich on the market ? i think not . fresh bread , vegetables & meat make for an award winning sub . freaky fast service ! i love this place .
1	don 't forget the sweet tea -- sugary , lemony goodness . my friend got the gizzards and they were good too . i need to try the sandwich next time . this is the pinnacle of southern cuisine . i don 't know who this price guy is , but i love him .
1	you kidding me ! after paying $ 12 for two horrible slices at the convention center - i knew for the next day i would find something better . yelp does not disappoint ! !
1	oddly enough nothing has changed . the pulled pork is still awesome , the mac and cheese ( no longer mixed as you wait ) was still awesome . the pickles , sauces and owner , oren , are still awesome . the price was the same , the place is still clean and the service got even better . good job naked .
1	oh my gosh ! ! ! ! what a gem to find for the price , service , atmosphere and food ! ! ! it was by far the best our entire trip and previous trips ! giving a huge thank you and shout out to our server colleen and miguel ! colleen felt like part of our fun kitty cat group ! miguel added to our fun . we appreciated them making our meal the very best ! wish we had this type of place in phoenix . an awesome team of people including their manager . if you 've never been , you don 't know what a treat you are missing ! going back next time we are in town ! l
1	i 'll do it again and again ( my wife and i split it ) .. what you 've got to worry about is talking to people after the taste explosion in your mouth . surely , if you are at the west side market , go get a gyro from steve 's . stand in line ( smell the fish ) if you have to . not one for gyros ? try steve 's , it may change your mind .
1	food was very good ! service was great ! ! ! i recommend the salmond ! medium cooked to perfection ... i 'm only sad i didn 't take the garbage pail kids book that came with my check .
1	really great drink specials . friendly staff . clean restaurant .
1	we enjoyed an appetizer of scallops , shrimps , oysters , and crab legs . for an entrée she had the black earth pasture raised lamb and i had the black earth grass fed rib-eye . we also enjoyed a bottle of pinot noir by archery summit 's red hills estate . if you want steak or seafood dine at the chop ( end of story ) . : - ) they are part of the downtown hilton monona terrace hotel and will validate your parking .
1	this follows a bad experience we had there a few weeks ago and and i must say they did a great job . the food was great , the service was excellent and a we were indoors ( yay ! ) . a shout out to our server joey - he 's the best , as well as manager samantha . thanks for a fun evening , i 'm sure we will be back . i updated my review to 5 stars .
1	this time i 've ordered a broiled scallop platter with onion rings and lemonade . it also came with a salad . a nice change from last time is that we got silverware right from the start , no complaints from the wife . the salad was good . the restaurant is pretty busy but not packed as far as i can tell .
1	i have been going there since day one . the menu is very creative the place is warm and cozy . her green pork salsa puts a kick into eggs , burgers , chicken or whatever . the sausage is homemade . breakfast was amazing especially with her loaded country potatoes . this gem should be a stop for everyone . no where in the area serves a better breakfast or lunch . her pies and baked goods are known all over the valley . one word , delicious .
1	so we had to try it ourselves . they even had live music . the guy that was playing a guitar and singing i thought was the juke box that 's how good he was . the food was excellent . i had the french dip . my mom had white chicken nuggets and tater tots and my sister had fish and chips . the service was awesome and they were very tentacle to our needs and made sure we were taken care of . they also had no clue that we were yelp advisors . try them u will like it .
1	this place is twice as good as dhaba , half the price and fantastic service . dhaba " you 're fired ! "
1	we had breakfast there twice and food was really good . service was top notch
1	potatoes and a hand crafted pint of beer , and all right beside the las vegas strip . what else ?
1	the roti is quite big in size and was truly boneless. i hate biting into goat roti and almost breaking my face biting into a chunk of bone. goat was nice and juicy. the downside is that it 's very very messy to eat. but you all know how much i love messy foods. will try their doubles next and they also have chicken doubles which i 've never had or seen before .
1	6oz steak , mash potatoe , bread and salad .... great stuff ....
1	you must have a players card and play at least $ 5 in a slot . go back to the kiosk , slide your card and select promotions . select the steak special and it 'll spit out your voucher . that 's it . very good 10oz filet . mine was butterflied to facilitate cooking to medium well .
1	i was there from 9am to 1pm , our waiter henry was amazing ! he was so quick and always came at the right time . we were there for awhile and henry was serving us with a smile the entire time ! if you go here ask to sit in his section ! : )
1	hold the mayo , hold the cheese and add cucumbers ! sprouts are a must ! i was so excited for our sandwich ( only 2nd time ever trying this chain ) that i forgot to get it on their delicious wheat , nutty bread ! they offered to remake it in a heartbeat but , no way ! i did not have the heart to see the sub go to waste . i will say , i felt guilty health-wise eating the white bread but it was fresh and quite good ! it worked ! service was uppity and friendly . we love jimmy john 's !
1	fantastic food and great service . we 'll definitely be coming here more often ! !
1	u can 't go wrong .. thin crust barros special with no bellpeppers add pineapple & bacon if u never been here .. they take care of any issues .. no questions ! ! there sandwiches are also very good with lots of meat . , i recommend hot ! !
1	no joke ! i didn 't have it but i saw it with my own eyes . i had a simple cheese omelet , unforgettable warm banana bread , and yummy thinly sliced potatoes . the service is quick , friendly and easy . you have to go off the beaten path to find this place but it is well worth it ! we went before visiting lake las vegas and lake meade .
1	more than you would get if you had purchased it at the grocery store too . they also have the organic option . and then there are the add ons . usually bread every week , but there 's also seasonal fruit , grains , coconut or olive oil , granola , veggies , and so much more . and if you like to volunteer a couple of your hours or less is much appreciated but the other volunteers .
1	does it get any better ? ? i was greated by the team as soon as i stepped in the door . everyone was so friendly and patient ( this was my first visit , so i took a little while looking at the menu ) all food is made fresh daily , their chili is amazing and so flavorful . i got the ray 's way and the all the way hot dog combo . the ray 's way one was my favorite of the two . i will be back to try more options .
1	no long wait . the food was fresh and very satisfying . the waiter was very personal and addressed my kids directly which was very nice . i recommend this place to everyone . oh yeah i almost forgot never skip their pies because they are really scruptous !
1	a # 1 double double w / animal style fries ... simply the best ! !
1	a # 1 double double w / animal style fries ... simply the best ! !
1	no matter how long i 've been gone they always remember me . prices are great for the portions .
1	we tried the pasta this time and it was tasty , filling , and priced great . even though we arrived 20 minutes after the " lunch " specials ended , then server offered them to us anyway . a nice , friendly touch .
1	very professional staff made things easier . they told us 45 mins and that 's what it was . food came out quickly and we devoured it . loved cinnamon bun pancakes , nutella crepes and corned beef hash and eggs . hope to get back soon !
1	you can also get wine pairings for $ 39 . the servers are great - really friendly and attentive . -we started with the chopped salad . the beets were the star of the dish . -our main was barbeque chicken and sausage . not super amazing , overall very tasty . -there 's a cheese course that includes pretty large servings of cheese . -dessert was a rice pudding . it wasn 't overly sweet , but i 'm not a huge fan of rice pudding . i didn 't love the menu we had , but i loved the experience and would definitely come back since the menu changes regularly .
1	star restaurant . the food is delicious and i couldn 't have been happier with my plate let alone my entire party 's . i am excited to come back here because it was a great time & the staff are always making sure you are satisfied with your choices . i will be back !
1	the place is energetic ( not romantic at all ) as you sit , eat and enjoy the view of the kitchen . all the food was simply amazing ( we combined two tasting menus ) . i 'd love to go back .
1	the butter poached king crab legs are out of this world too i honestly thought coming in it was going to be cliche and just another restaurant with a celebrities name on it that has no real involvement with the establishment and menu boy was i wrong best food i 've ever had in my life by far a + + +
1	i visited this place on 8 / 5 & it was packed ! they had live music & if it werent raining , the patio wouldve been rocking too . we had to wait a little longer than the hostess quoted us but , thats to be expected with the amount of people waiting . i ordered the south texas ribs , normally a 24 $ dish . they were fall off the bone tender & the sauce was incredible . the service was better than we anticipated with such a crowd . the manager also had time to stop by the table & check on us a couple times . i will be back this week for lunch & next month for the ribs !
1	always the same , cheap , and fast . ordered for afternoon pick up and everything ran smooth and the pick up was fast .
1	ive never had a problem getting a table on the weekdays . service is fast and courteous . the breakfast sandwich was very good but with a tad too much mayo . the potatoes are the real star of the show though and i wouldnt never pass them up while there . the jam on the table is also stellar and a nice touch . i would bring locals and family alike here !
1	i echo jenny d 's comment on the hash brown . super crispy exterior and moist fluffy inside - it 's a piece of art . my friend and i enjoyed the generous portion of scramble egg ( $ 7.50 ) , and 2 layers blueberry pancake ( $ 5.00 ) . everything tasted like " mom 's food . " made fresh to order , and very satisfying . no frou-frou typical middleton gimmick . the basic decore , and the down to earth service - the perfect spot to watch regulars enjoy the hearty breakfast .
1	fun casual atmosphere . i would recommend to anyone and everyone .
1	as far as sandwiches go , this is the place i fantasize about . and i always come crashing down in flames as i realize that i live 4 hours away from las vegas ... it is a very , very sad moment . the jerk chicken : so creamy , and there is such dynamic flavor . i just ate it up ! ( pun very much intended ) cannonballs ( meatball sub ) : excellent . if you like meatball subs , you 'll like their 's . i 'm on a mission to try more . i encourage all you yelpers and readers to try this the next time you 're on the strip in las vegas . planet hollywood .
1	i brought my two little burger critics with me as well ( ages 10 and 12 ) . lots of soda to choose from , great hamburgers , and delicious fries . it beats the heck out of a chain burger place in quality and character . i even ordered the " rocket burger " which is a ridiculous three-patty monstrosity on a 10-inch sub roll . i was embarrassed in front of my kids because i couldn 't even finish my fries . rocket burger has the makings to be a classic joint , legendary if they can match capin ' bills longevity !
1	they have a great choice of food on the menu . the beer was great and the food is also , which often enough is not the case with breweries ( good food , bad beer or vice versa ) .
1	the best . words can 't explain . chicken watermelon and waffles chicken and biscuits beef brisket and biscuit out standing ! ! sorry i found it my last day in vegas . i will be telling everyone about yardbird
1	the owner and their kids are awesome . just .. , really a cool place .
1	i had the orangecicle pancakes and of course the works with all the sides ! demolished . i scarfed it all down like a fatty . didn 't snap one picture . ! ! ! but next time . : ) reggae much good vibes great food .
1	and at such reasonable prices . the eggs , bacon and hash browns were all perfectly cooked , exactly to my order and it tasted great . the coffee was great , and the service was great too , everyone smiled and was attentive . i 'm literally gonna start coming here 3 times a week so i can try everything on the menu !
1	right on be corner , you 've got to pay to park on the street but there 's always empty spots . they sit you down as soon as possible , staff is amazing , food is bomb , comes fast and you can tell it was just made . definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a great breakfast place downtown .
1	you can 't ever go wrong at this place . i 've said it once and i 'll say it again , whole wheat pancakes with walnuts and oatmeal . i know it sounds weird but trust me . i always add a few of those to my monterey omelet and it 's heaven on a plate . needless to say i 'm a pig . i also like that they put a pot of coffee on the table and will bring you sugar free syrup to help trick yourself into thinking that what you are eating is good for you .
1	their dr. seuss pancake was bomb ! thank you snooze , for making my boyfriend 's birthday breakfast really special !
1	the best overall breakfast experience that i have ever had . here 's why : 1 . proper flatware . not that cheap junk that overpriced , low quality restaurants usually use . 2 . nongmo ketchup 3 . homemade preserves for the homemade bread . 4 . myers soap in the restrooms 5 . waffles to die for with real maple syrup so much more but who wants to read all that ? matt 's big breakfast is the best this fussy , non gmo , organic , frugal , prefers to eat at home gal has ever eaten ! ! !
1	jamal our waiter was the best waiter i 've ever had . so personable , knowledgeable , and funny ! food was good . service was fast . greeted promptly . what more do you need ?
1	10 miles off our destination course but , oh so worth it . owner came to check on us , great staff , very little seating but who cares . great place , thanks triple d , good job here .
1	the food is so simple but tastes so good ! don 't recommend going here on a friday night as you will have to wait long . we always do take out even on week nights as the place is too crammed . price is great ( don 't think the prices have changed in years , but that 's a good thing ! ) . love love love !
1	i 've been here 3 nights out of 5 and i can honestly say i love it . brilliant staff , great music every night and a good time atmosphere . the barman let me try any beer i wanted before i chose , the food was perfectly fab , and i would definitely tell anyone i know to pay the yucca a visit .
1	they have the best hot dogs and corn dogs i have ever had . it is definitely a place to try if you love hot dogs . they have good fries , excellent onion rings .... and very very reasonable prices ! i have never met a single person who has said anything but incredible things about ted 's ..... definitely a must try !
1	took my husband for his birthday and he was in awe . the food was absolutely wonderful and the view was spectacular . best steak either of us have ever had . our server , louis papas was also amazing . he was always on top of everything . never had an issue with anything . the perfect dinner date . pricey , but so worth it . when we return to vegas , we will definitely go back again .
1	everything about this restaurant is above and beyond . kale slaw = love .
1	so amazingly good ! great music , great location , great space & phenomenal bbq . definitely get an ice cream sandwich !
1	why on earth would someone spend upwards of $ 10 for breakfast at fatty mcd 's when u can have fresh pineapple juice , smoked salmon , picture-perfect berries , firepit baked pastries , bacon literally sliced off the slab right before your eyes , and blueberry pancakes made in sight ( not frozen ) , among many , many other surprises ..... all for $ 9.99 and unlimited . this , my friend , will start your day off right . yet , this is not your grandparent 's cigarette-filled buffet . it 's a younger , lively , clean atmosphere with floor-to-ceiling windows giving a view to the golf course . enjoy !
1	dark and romantic w delicious drinks , super attentive staff--the manager even comped us an appetizer for waiting on drinks from the bar .
1	aaa .... like i keeled over and woke up in food heven .
1	you can truly taste the quality ingredients . everything so yummy and fresh . the best pizza in las vegas period .
1	& something you dont get or see anymore amazing service - friendly & courteous staff ! ! ‍
1	true fine dining experience . will definitely come back to try again
1	from the corn chowder to the biscuits to the ribs , mac n cheese & greens ... i tried so much here that i 'm a little embarrassed yet proud at the same time , and i loved it all . service was great too ! and whoever thought of that jalapeño tartar sauce needs to be kissed . oh wait ! did i also mention the fried chicken w / mashed potatoes & fabulous green beans ? the grits & fried catfish were also great . i 'm watching my figure so i only had the red velvet cake for dessert . it was the most moist cake i ever had .
1	their coffee is something special . i don 't know what they do to it - something in the way it 's roasted - but it 's incredibly refreshing . i particularly love it iced . and their homemade desserts are incredible . andy , the proprietor , is just a genuine , down-to-earth , friendly guy . i love how they host various community events like open mic nights ... it 's also just a great place to go read for a few hours . i feel very at home here .
1	very interesting food , great wine and service . top notch fine dining . amazing timing from the wait staff : each course was delivered by several servers who set plates and removed covers in perfect syncopation . the preparation is each dish was so unique that we had difficulty identifying the ingredients , but delicious nonetheless .
1	staff was impeccable . drinks were on the money . the salads chop and cesar were super tasted . had the lamb chops which came on a super hot plate . awesome . cannot review the steak . leave room for desert . the donut tree and dipping sauce were tasty .
1	hopefully they will reopen the casino and the care .
1	everything was well thought out and fresh from the ketchup to the butter and jam in table . waffles are the best i 've ever had and so was the delano 's breakfast eggs and bacon . the ambiance is refreshing , relaxing and modern . i 'm coming back here for breakfast again tomorrow !
1	absolutely love the food here . i always get the red velvet pancakes with bacon and potatoes on the side . the pancakes were super light and fluffy , i would take a whole stack home if it held up okay . : ) the hawaiian food is also delicious , it definitely satisfies my craving for kula pork . service is always good . they 're very friendly and attentive which makes for a great experience here . i highly recommend this place , just try and come a little early on in the morning . : )
1	the service was exceptionally good , with a waiter bringing our order to us the first time we visited and it was super crowded . the second time we came , we were a bit inebriated from the high roller so the burgers really hit the spot . when we came around 6 , it was pretty empty so don 't come around lunch time if you don 't like crowded places . i ordered my usual cheeseburger and fries animal style , which comes with grilled onions .
1	aaron catered our wedding and event industry event and the both the food and service were perfection !
1	the brisket is a lille dry but the pulled pork is so good ! great mashed potatoes and great mac n cheese ! will be back . ( :
1	he made sure everything was up to our standards and the food was great as usual . see ya guys next sunday !
1	sit at the the bar every time meredith is great ! smoked wings ( ordered just drums no up charge ) great taste and cooked perfectly . house salads great and the cup of chili fantastic ... watch out for the serrano pepper garnish hehehe fresh squeezed juice for your drinks yum 1 / 4 chicken plate great sides ! tons of food , great place ! will come back !
1	the music is rocking , pool tables to play on , and open all the time . i 've been going for the past two years , i think i went in the first week they were open , and i 've never had a bad experience there . alice cooper played here ! it 's a bit of a drive for me but worth it for the beer and the community that is drawn to it . i run into at least one person i know every time i go in .
1	the wait staff was real attentive . would definitely recommend .
1	as i write this my wife sneezed and one of the staff said bless you . place is small and cozy . been here 3 times . once a couple years ago and twice recently ( hard to get out with little ones )
1	wherever they are ... i will be . i sampled the bbq roasted duck , kimchi braised pork belly and the avocado hush puppies ... all freakn delicious do yourself a favor and stalk them too !
1	with a simple dinner and show for around $ 40-50 / per person , what more can you ask for ? our server daisy was friendly and attentive , which made the night even better . keep in mind parking is now $ 12 , that is right next to the building . highly recommend the show .
1	i love to be able to write a review like this . good service and friendly , our server just started working there . i ordered the chop & chick with home fries. eggs over medium . absolute perfection . the bone in pork chop was tender & cooked perfectly as well as the eggs . plenty of home fries with fresh rosemary . the sourdough toast came with a blueberry compote and lots of butter . i 'll be back again when i 'm in town . i 'm curious to try the one at the airport .
1	i went with high expectations and otb did not disappoint . the seitan in the alley cat wrap was excellent . having it with a great divide titan made it all the better . love this place and the reserved bike parking out front too .
1	a bar with beer to go. thats money in my book .
1	friendly staff , amazing food - awesome atmosphere . the drinks are tasty , the food is worth getting there early before the evening kicks off to get your dinner on . karaoke hosts there are a blast and keep the good times rolling . hat 's off to fuller 's , you 've earned some new regulars and people who will refer you to their friends !
1	its my usual go to place if i 'm craving ribs and wings . i usually order take out , 10-15 mins my order is ready for pickup ! fall off the bone ribs , crispy fries . hot garlic parm wings is my favourite so far .
1	if you 're looking for good bbq then look no further check em out you 're tastebuds will thank you . while there get the cherry lemon sundrop it 'll knock your socks off .
1	she has gone out of her way to fix problems that were not caused by her or her establishment . amazing to see this type of hospitality . thank you for a great experience .
1	abby is the best waitress ... excellent service .. fast efficient ... and very friendly .. she really loves her job it shows ... i always sit in her section ... thank you so much abby you are the best michelle & brent
1	it is a nice family place because it is casual and unpretentious . you can 't beat the price on the specials !
1	the service is very good and very friendly . this is a perfect spot for breakfast , lunch or dinner . joe , the owner , makes homemade soups that are absolutely amazing . abby 's is quick , inexpensive and tasty . it 's a great place to kick back with the family and enjoy a quality meal . what more could you ask for ?
1	she was dedicated , knew the menu , and sold us the best happy hood special for what we were looking for . her sunny disposition and honest , " go-getter " attitude touched the couple from " girls . " she worked her tush off . thank you ! as for copper still , this is a great sports bar . happy clientele and great food and specials . what more could you as for ?
1	abc burger is amazingly delicious , perfect blend of ingredients on a toasted bun .. fruit as a side is fresh , sweet and drizzled in a savory citrus sauce .. servers are sweet and polite .. ambiance is charming .. local artist display their work tastefully .. we will be back ! !
1	the food is consistently delicious and the owners treat us as though we are in their home . the patio is dog friendly and they always bring out something special for the little guy . the lemon garlic hummus and caprese salad are a must !
1	the swan court is located behind aureole and features , you guessed it , swans . it is very quiet and a special place . recommended !
1	be sweet to the girls , and they will return the kindness .
1	it 's very modern , when you enter , you 're greeted immediately . their coffee seems to be sweetened by agave or something , but strong and really wakes you up . i got a soyrizo burrito with potato and eggs , very yummy . my boyfriend got corn beef with eggs and their homemade sourdough bread . a nice homemade meal . they have flakey croissant , sweet and mouth watering . the service here is wonderful , such a kind atmosphere .
1	? " so far you can 't go wrong with any thing that lists pork belly ... crisp and bacony ! ! the salmon is of a generous portion cooked to perfection ! no flaws in any of the culinary skills that go on in the kitchen ... can 't wait for my next visit again , and again !
1	i took my wife here for our first wedding anniversary and it was wonderful . i 've been to michelin star winning restaurants around the world and this place is on that same level . we each had the seven course tasting menu with wine pairing and everything was exquisite . make no mistake , this place is very expensive but for a special occasion there isn 't a better place in madison or wisconsin at which to celebrate .
1	a beautiful fusion of woods , forward leaning design , sushi & seafood selections and warm service make this a great large party dining experience .
1	food and coffee specialities are all amazing . especially enjoyed my " oh snap " ginger latte and the brekkie burrito . this charming little restaurant / cafe takes a prideful and educated approach to their food and drink preparation . full of flavor , quality ingredients , and beautiful presentation . the restaurant is decorated with an industrial rustic ambiance ; sporting beautifully crafted furniture and an eclectic / modern mix of fun decor . the staff was well educated on the menu items , and i was greeted as soon as i entered . would most definitely recommend this dope little foodie / coffee lovers corner spot . doesn 't hurt that you hey are also pet friendly
1	for those of you who want to avoid the standard " mill avenue " culture , cafe boa is it . yes , it 's a little on the pricey side , but it 's worth the atmosphere , the lack of drunk college students , impeccable service and fantastic food . one negative about it , is that they close early .
1	i had the chicken with oyster mushroom sauce , and my wife had the flank steak with plum sauce . the lentil soup was hot , very tasty , and a nice start after coming in on a snowy night . the entrees were simply awesome . after sampling both dishes , we both preferred the chicken , but that 's not to say anything negative about the steak . they were both rich and intensely flavorful . finally , the pear and chocolate cake with raspberry sauce was a great end to a memorable meal . the service was good and the atmosphere was very cozy . this was easily the best meal we had on our trip to montreal .
1	great atmosphere with lots of little vendors to choose from . dog friendly in and out ! !
1	the rooms here are larger than traditional rooms and the beds are very comfortable . close to everything in downtown phoenix but for some it may be to close . on the weekends it can get rowdy so if that is not your style you may want to hit up the renaissance in glendale . i love the hotel though and the customer service is spectacular . they always aim to please and were always looking to help .
1	i can honestly say one of best custom salads ( options are incredible ) i have ever had . all of the ingredients are extremely fresh and bursting with flavor and the people who work here are extremely friendly ! an amazing experience around .
1	we enjoyed lunch today and the place was just bustling with people on a perfect sunny day . i enjoyed the kale , jicama , asparagus salad , but was really coveting the niman beef cheeseburgers floating by ! be sure to order the flour less chocolate soufflé / cake as its worth every single calorie !
1	loved the guacamole with king crab legs and the plantain ! it sounds like a really weird combo , but it really is delicious ! ! !
1	the food is excellent and so is the service . our waiter , scott , was friendly and well informed . my husband had the foie gras and i had the salted tuna . both were wonderful . for main courses we had the bison and the filet . the bison was done perfectly and was tender and very tasty , not at all gamey . my filet was probably the best i 've ever had . scott said that the beef comes from local farmers and dry aged in the restaurant . honestly the best filet i 've ever had . it was just a lovely experience . we will be back
1	the falafel is the best i 've ever had ! everything we ordered was so delicious . if we are ever back in cleveland we will definitely come back here !
1	it 's my day off dream and i 'm living it . you better believe with the dog friendly patio outside that my pup will be my next brunch date . sorry roommie , i 'll bring a doggie bag home ; )
1	a visit to the outdoor patio for drinks left a memorable image of a wedding going on in the background while sitting on huge comfortable lounge chairs . sitting in these comfortable chairs , you could veg out after a stiff drink . you 'll really feel relaxed in this frank lloyd wright architectural environment and the arizona heat . there is a serenest about this place .
1	several elevated tees , difficult greens we found everyone to be friendly . the pro shop , the marshall , the cart girl and the waitress and chef at the grill . the food was good with generous portions . my husband left his golf shoes behind and when they were found , michelle with the lost and found dept . , asked mike , the manager to deliver them to our house in north phoenix on his way home . we were pleasantly surprised at how nice and accommodating they were !
1	and i love the deal they have with the coffee shop next door . i come here each time i 'm in the neighborhood !
1	love that this particular location wasn 't crowded and there was no wait . i ordered the cobb salad which was unlike the typical cobb salad . it was big enough to feed about 4 people ! also ordered the slice of red velvet cheese cake which was excellent and was sized perfect for 2 people to share . will definitely be coming back to this location !
1	killer spot on the square with awesome views and fresh urban " farm to table " type decor . the focus is just good quality seasonal food ! we had the pickle sampler for an appetizer and it was fantastic , inventive , and fun . the graze burger was out of this world , and i had the pulled pork macaroni and cheese which was equally amazing . the last time we visited i felt like they were short staffed so i will give them a little lee-way on timely service , but the quality was there . the bartenders are always great with an ever changing drink menu ... and the bar area is a great place to see and be seen !
1	i will without a doubt be back for more .
1	this restaurant helped us by making room on a busy friday night . the service was lights out . our server , wendy , was on the spot before we ever needed her ( even though she had a 13 top next to us ) . i had the buffalo sliders , yum . we also tried the chicken lettuce wraps which were great . but the mac n cheese ? wow !
1	the price is right and it 's smack in the middle of tourist zone so that is a great surprise . got the broccoli soup , breakfast wrap and the chicken avocado and arugula sandwich that comes with a fresh salad . definitely recommend what we ordered because it was very good and healthy .
1	we both had the pulled pork sandwiches . the pork is very flavorfully smoked from lean cuts not a packaged or processed product , so there is no fat or grease , but it 's not dry either . the portion size is quite generous . i 'm a fan !
1	the staff is so friendly and warm ! everyone including the wait staff seem so happy . the food was really good ! had an omelet and hash browns were the best i 've ever had . great for big crowds
1	the " real barbecue " in the name is for real yelpers . here there 's none of the usual desiccated meat slathered in some way too-sweet sauce that so often passes for q in toronto . to my experience , this sets the new standard for authentic smokey southern goodness . go and experience how paul skillfully tends to his products and achieves wonderful outcomes .
1	we had our engagement party there last night and everything was perfect : ) all my family loved the food , and the romantic lighting . special touches like our personalized menu made our night extra nice . elise the catering manager was great to work with ! my parents enjoyed how easy it was to get a menu that worked with our guests needs . and omg the flourless chocolate torte ! yummmmmy . thank you again !
1	gorgeous interior , fresh grilled meats , delicious hummus & fresh baked pita . service was attentive & friendly . an excellent experience .
1	not the fanciest place in champaign - but the prices are very reasonable and the food is enjoyable . the ribs are lean and the saucy is messy . the sauces have the southern smokey thing going on - and it seems to be a hit as this place has been around quite a while . each day has a special that saves you a bit of money - then - the prices are very reasonable . make sure you get plenty of napkins ! ! !
1	this place is really neat to wander around and pretend you are a hobbit in hobbiton . beautiful grounds and lots of families everywhere . the vegetables looked really good as well . will be going back again , but this time earlier .
1	they sure were patient and accomodating. food was great and i really enjoyed the zucchini fries as well as the sauce that came with sweet potato fries. burger was huge ! wish the egg wasn 't cooked so thoroughly on my breakfast burger , i like the yolk to drip into the burger and make a huge mess. but overall loved it .
1	one of if not the best chicken fried steaks in arizona check . long long wait if your late check . line out the door sat and sun . mornings of course . when they were in the strip mall east of here the crowds were big but now even more so . so get here early or get ready to wait . in my opinion this place is worth the wait .
1	a bit costly , but a full 360 degree view of toronto from this rotating restaurant. solid service and nice meal. its all about the view .
1	great service , too ! i ordered a cheddar omelet , came with hash browns , fruit , and a bagel and jam , all under $ 10 . the food was amazing , i 'll definitely come back here .
1	or better yet do a take out order . friendly staff and amazing chicken wings ! ! ! !
1	beer is amazing . fun crowd . really great place ! ! !
1	this location has fried okra so they definitely make my a list . food is fresh and really great . i can easily see this location becoming a weekly stop for me ! friendly folks , too !
1	it 's out of this world amazing . my husband and i are huge burger fans . lets just say our standards are way high for burgers . this burger might have just set a new standard ; - ) . i don 't know where to begin , the bread is soft , the meat is juicy , the cheese is smoldering , the beacon is crispy ! no non sense additives are necessary to this burger . it 's a work of art and you can 't f * with art period can 't wait to return again btw try the kale crunch salad also ( no soybeans )
1	this place truly had the best meal i believe i have ever eaten . best as far as the entree goes ( filet , mac n cheese , etc .. ) . however i do think the seafood appetizer though delightfully displayed , was just " i 've had better . the service was cool , although the group i was with had built that up something fierce , and it was a bit lacking from the time they had been there before . if you really want great service , check out the chilis in layton , ut . this is not joking , that is some fine service . they will never let your drink go empty , a mistake mastro 's made .
1	i just wish there was one in my neck of the woods !
1	the food is pretty good , but i especially recommend " kilt lifter " for the beer lover . no really . warning : even though it 's hidden , this place is very popular with the locals , which makes parking and seating difficult some nights .
1	we got the factory burger and the gyro sandwich . the gyro meat was super thick and tasty . and the greek fries ! ! ! omg what is the seasoning ? ! because it was so yummy . all of the ingredients were super fresh and tasty . would definitely come again .
1	i had the italian cheese steak . the two women running the lunch hour are hard working and very nice . it is great supporting local busness .
1	the cinnamon roll so light and fluffy . the owner is very friendly and personable ! the sausage gravy is great , love the garlic ranch . hubby said the french toast was good .
1	hard to find in the middle of a neighborhood , but once inside , you will be happy you did ! ! the atmosphere is very warm and family feeling . the muffins are clearly homemade and fabulous . the yogurt and fruit parfait has actual fresh delicious fruit and out of this world homemade granola ! i had the carne asana breakfast burrito . thumbs up ! hubby had the biscuits and gravy volcano style with 2 over medium eggs . almost licked the plate ! we will definitely be back !
1	this place is great . as a chef myself i have some high standards for the food that i eat , and i definitely approve . take some time with some friends to check this place out . try the meatloaf ! ! ! !
1	the atmosphere is college frat , but the food is for real . two words . philly cheesesteak . you must have one . it is the rival of any you might find in our sister to the east . tony luke , pat , geno , jim : you have a real competitor in shadyside !
1	service was excellent . i haye hot dogs . i am very picky about them . that being said , i loved the " shack-cago " hot dog . my boyfriend got 2 regulat hot dogs . all were great .
1	the hot rock appetizer was a very cool , community-engaging appetizer , although a bit pricey for just 6 thinly-sliced pieces of surloin . the bone-in filet and ny strip were absolutely perfect . fantastic seasoning , crust and center . divine . creme brulee to round it out , and this experience turned out to be very pleasant .
1	bottomless mimosas are $ 20 each and lovely . the food is honestly some amazing amazing stuff . the only thing more satisfying than the good is the service --- every staff member we encountered was friendly , smiling , helpful , and accommodating . we will definitely be back . wish i could give it 6 stars !
1	hog and chick breakfast ! so so good . bacon is peppered and amazing . and their sourdough toast and homemade preserves ! the final treat of this perfect breakfast ! and don 't forget to get a strawberry honey lemonade to go ! got to try it !
1	only had a couple fantastic cocktails and some appetizers but you can so there 's attention to detail . will be back for dinner . highly reccomend .
1	the breakfast was great and prices reasonable . i 'm not a big fan of pancakes but ordered some with my breakfast and the blueberry ones were tasty . the entire staff we interacted with were super friendly . only negative would be no bloody marys or mimosas which would have been great .
1	got there late one evening and was pleasantly greeted and promptly taken care of . the drink special was great . the entrees were delicious and the outdoor seating behind is really cute . will for sure be back .
1	had a wonderful brunch , the crab cake benedict was delicious served by the proprietress mary . we had a delightful chat with her about the establishment plus sampled jeremiah weed sweet tea while sitting in a quiet corner booth . a great lunch in a quiet relaxing atmosphere ....
1	delicious brunch , especially the egg benedicts with mushrooms and foie gras . their smoothies are also very good .
1	if you like foie gras , the foie gras poutine is an excellent choice . had their bison tartare and their duck carpaccio , which were both great . also had a specialty sushi roll that was on offer that night , which surprised me ( as it 's not french ) , but was certainly just as delicious as the rest of the food . my dining companion raved about the onion soup .
1	i guess kind of a gourmet burger joint . anyways food was fanatic . went after hitting the gym so i was starving . got everything lol
1	wonderful german swiss food in the heart of montreal . everything was wonderful from the wine to the dessert . the chocolate fondue is worthy of the calories . if you want a special meal , this is the place to go . they can accommodate large groups well .
1	our uber ride back to the site of the jazz festival was $ 13.93 can . we each started with six warm oysters with apple sabayon ; i could have easily eaten two dozen . we then opted for the cucumber appetizer , the grilled octopus appetizer , blackened bread which had a nice doughy texture and then grilled trout , followed by buttermilk panna cotta . really fresh food , with delicious wood grilled / fired flavors . a fair amount of food that didn 't leave us feeling too full .
1	the shellfish was very fresh and the sauces flavorful . very good seafood in phoenix .
1	staff is great and the food is phenomenal . this is one of our go-to 's when we want to spend the night out opposed to dive-bars .
1	this resturaunt has a special chef who is creating a culinary experience i feel ia worth checking out . this place could be in the manhattan , brooklyn , wherever ... and would do well . i experienced the porkbelky with pickled mango and pineapple and it was a magnificent blend of complimentry flavors ! my main dosh was the steak over puree butternut squash and shredded brussel sprouts .. that was so delicious , i 'm recalling my meal from 2 months ago from memory ! lol mmm keep up the good work chef . ( pigs are from his farm ! ! gotta love that )
1	tempra bacon-wrapped cheese curds are great . excellent and novel cocktails . we really liked the bouillabaisse , the schnitzel was good .
1	had the sage fried chicken benedict and let me tell you ... pics don 't do this dish justice - you have to actually taste it to understand how awesome it is !
1	i paid 31 bucks for a pizza / salad and a soda . the pizza it self wasn 't huge ( but enough to feed two people ) but the flavor was amazing ! and it came out within minutes ! cook was very friendly , and thanked us . definitely would come back !
1	i mostly do takeout but have dined here several times and i like the atmosphere inside .
1	a bit pricy but really good and the queue to get to get in isn 't that bad
1	not ever . when my wife did find it necessary to complain they took care of it by comping the meal and being good at business . if you want to enjoy the place restaurant that is known not only around town but around the country for its food then corky and lenny 's is the place .
1	wait time was long but to be expected i suppose . food was great , service is great also . their presentations is clean and fits perfectly . the parmesan fries were very good , a bit to much parmesan cheese for my liking , but nonetheless very good . sweet potato fries were fantastic and i really have not cared much for sweet potato fries from other places , kudos for the powdered sugar served with them . ate there on father 's day and will go back next time i am in vegas .
1	super delicious nutritious food . i 'd eat here every meal if i was more wealthy . friendly , helpful service in a clean well lit venue . this is as good as it gets .
1	this place is huge ! if you were to go to the san jose location , you would wait at least two hours to get seated . our server was incredibly friendly and nice . she checked up on us a few times , but gave us enough privacy . every time i was low on water , she would come around and fill me up . we ordered one pound of crawfish ( the whole shabang , medium ) , the chicken tenders basket , and a side of rice . everything was delicious , and no regrets were made that day . i will definitely be back .
1	their burgers are 1000 times better than sonic , and it 's so cheap and delightful ! i used to hate the fries when i was little , but they 've grown on me .
1	my boyfriend ordered the stuffed french toast ( forgot the name ) but very very good as well . the service was great and quick .
1	they treat you extremely well here and make you feel at home . every time we 've eaten here the food has been exceptional . great place for a date too ! we 've also order pizza for pickup a few times and have really enjoyed the bbq chicken . this place is a local staple
1	abosultely love the pepperoni pizza and ceasar salad here .
1	drinks were great , food was awesome . we ordered so much food and every plate was great . before dinner we got a tour from keith and it very informative and very cool to be told the whole process of how they make their beer . definitely coming back whenever we are back in cleveland . thanks keith !
1	lots of menu items . the eastern european woman at the counter in the mornings is friendly and attentive . coffee was fresh , and don 't forget to ask for jam for your biscuit , yes the one with the tree growing out of it .
1	about 3 weeks ago my wife and i went to see a rock concert , the band was badflowe the singer is our friend son , i have a bad knee and we asked for a place to seat.one of the manager come to talk to us and told to what she can , 10 minutes later she come and took us in and gave us a place to seat , i 'm sorry i forgot her name , great manger great venue , thank you hob .
1	we only had the bloody mary 's , which by the way are now my favorite ( and i 'm picky on bloody mary 's ) but the staff was awesome , fast , attentive , kind . we 'll be back to try out your food : )
1	the biscuit and gravy breakfast was delicious ! the gravy was a tad salty , but still good . the biscuit was amazing ! fluffy , thick , and perfect . the potatoes seemed to come with just about any breakfast dish and they were great , crispy and they had a great seasoning on them . my husband had the cincy chili . he said that was great as well . the service was exceptional , especially considering how busy they were ! definitely putting on my list of must visit places in vegas !
1	the four owners are all lovely and have put in efforts to make the alley way behind their coffee shop green . i was really impressed with the food . they serve mostly of vegetarian or vegan options , and everything i 've tried is delicious . their cold brew with coconut milk is delicious and refreshing . what really stood out for me was the spinach dip ( omg ) , the sweet potato hummus and the vegan bahn mi sandwich ( never had anything like it before ) . they have a really cool basement , with old-school decor . if in the area , do yourselves a favour and check it out !
1	few days later i got a call from the manager . he apologized about my experience and sent me something in the mail . it 's things like that that really show the values of a company . i was happy with the phone call since most places won 't even do that but they went above and beyond and that erases the type of service that was provided , showing that it was the person not the establishment that was falling short . thy fixed what had be incorrect . back to a great place in my book ! !
1	i got the grilled chicken salad and the chicken was cooked so perfectly ! the salad part was a spring mix , which was a nice surprise because most restaurants just use iceberg lettuce . the service was also phenomenal ! the servers knew the menu like the back of their hand and our food came out lighting fast . awesome !
1	the staff was friendly the dinner experience was great and the food fantastic .
1	the decor was amazing and food was on par . the price was average $ 36ish per person but the service wasn 't great , hard to find someone to get drinks and cutlery . although i think this would be the # 1 buffet to try if you 're in vegas . clean , presentable and good selection of food .
1	i had the harvest breakfast , and the eggs were cooked perfectly as requested . the coffee could have been less acidic but that is basically nitpicking .
1	friendly staff , good scenery at the bar normally . excellent seafood . martinis are puny and overpriced , but this is snottsdale ......
1	fw was a welcome surprise and i am a regular at many locations . i have eaten both breakfast and lunch here but the breakfast dishes are the ones that stand out to me . my favorites are the lemon ricotta pancakes with lemon curd and the skillet breakfasts . don 't forget to check out the fresh juice concoctions as they are delicious . this location can get very crowded on the weekends or when the snowbirds are in town . think of this place as the more rustic alternative to snooze .
1	the famed rice balls and savory poutine were enough to attract their hungry souls . at the time the madam at corrado 's was more than hospitable to provide great service , hospitality , and an extra dish / meal to us . you deserve this amazing review madam @ corrado 's
1	) . we will definitely be coming back again soon .
1	this restaurant came up for their banana cream pie . my first visit i got the buttermilk chicken sandwich and of course the banana cream pie . went last night got the rotisserie chicken and rib combo.man i forgot how delicious this places .
1	from the outside , i wasn 't sure if i wanted to have a meal at a motel , but once inside i 'm glad we followed through. it was my dad 's birthday so all the retro charm actually served up some good memories for him when he saw interiors like this the first time . i 'm used to small plates meaning " several plates til you feel full . " here that meant two plates . the dressing on the kale salad took away any inherent bitterness and the lamb sausage had a great spice to it . the almond cake was moist and easily divvied up between us .
1	had the lemon & herb , as well as hot . recommended .
1	we order a couple of pizzas , teriyaki wings , fries , and fried mushrooms . their ranch is to die for , the pizza is delicious ( and even better the next day , warmed up in a frying pan- adds a nice crisp ) . their cannolis are fantastic , too . the service is great , the place is clean , delivery has always been prompt and i have no complaints !
1	they always have the pj 's famous hamburger & fries and i usually have a grill cheese & creamy tomato soup ! such a fabulous idea , for them to deliver in forum shops and caesars palace ! if you 're in town , stop by , if you 're a local , this is the place to be for your treats ! also their happy hour with $ 1 oysters is the best in town ! enjoy !
1	we always get half a rib rack and a pound of tri-tip . then we stuff ourselves and get a to-go box . the ribs are delicious . the tri-tip is the most tender i have ever had , without question , it just melts in your mouth . and the baked beans are to die for . my vet calls me every week asking ' are we going this week ' . love it .
1	my husband and i had the same reaction to the mussels at jacs- they were , hands down , much better than the ones i 'd had ten days earlier . we also shared the crab cake appetizer , which was the perfect size for two people to split , and was nice and light with plenty of crab flavor coming through instead of too much filler . my husband had the special that night , which was a pork medallion and chipotle mashed potato , and while he doesn 't usually enjoy mashed potatoes , he found them delicious . great experience at jacs , would definitely recommend for a nice dinner out or for a mellow place to take visiting in-laws and the like .
1	) and we had a blast . i ended up trying the ahi sandwich , which was pretty yummy - the french fries , though , were perfection . our server , brittany craig , was super nice and attentive . thank you for a beautiful sunday morning !
1	their specialty sandwiches are good too . great place to order sandwiches for a group or office lunch . many locations , but it seems they keep the quality high at all .
1	your coffee is hot , the decor is crappy and kitschy , and the food is great . you sit intimately close to almost everyone - i preferred the counter , which still has the original fixtures from probably 60 years ago . grab a newspaper and start a conversation with someone , probably from the neighborhood . you 've got the time if you 're here . the service is not fast . there are plenty of places to get fast service and this is not one of them . not the style of this place . the corned beef hash is done very well , and the potato pancakes are great too . make sure to ask for applesauce and sour cream .
1	food is fabulous , atmosphere is great and you have to try the pork tacos mmmmm
1	i ordered # 3 and my sister ordered # 12 with no mustard . can 't wait to see what they taste like . everything so far is good though but i 'll probably update once i eat the sandwich .
1	the food wasn 't shabby either ; ) our server sunshine brightened our morning up ! and the outside patio is dog friendly !
1	our waitress did an amazing job and we appreciated how hard she worked . the assistant manager came out and made sure everything was good . the food was fantastic and we loved every bite . i recommend this place without hesitation !
1	i called on thursday for a large catering order on friday on behalf of my company for an employee who is grieving . she said normally they require 24 hours notice , but since a death in the family is never planned they could make an exception and help us out . she was great with food suggestions , patient while we figured out payment methods and pick-up arrangements . when my co-worker went to pick up the order she said michelle was happy , pleasant and had everything ready . my review is based on my interaction with michelle only , as i haven 't actually eaten there , but my interaction was good enough to make me want to try it ! thanks michelle !
1	" kitchen times are pretty quick . staff was always near if we needed anything . kids like the games . gave them a little diversion while waiting on the food . waitress was good . even gave the kids some free tokens to play . will be adding to the short list of places to have a decent bite to eat while not fretting over the kids .
1	- above average food - below average prices - spacious and uncrowded - free wifi - cash only
1	i always disliked the food that i got in airports and this us the first time i actually liked the food . staff are also friendly
1	i highly recommend this restaurant the portion sizes are huge. and you do get your money 's worth the stromboli that i ordered was enough for two people maybe three very filling .. the food was great that i want more and more .. look forward to going back sometime soon . feel free to follow me and or like my photos have a good day .
1	? ! unheard of until i discovered brooklyn bowl ! ! the fried chicken was crispy and delicious . the sides were amazing , i loved the mashed potatoes and greens . i would go back in a heartbeat .
1	the decor seemed industrial chic , yet warm and comfortable . we ordered a few different pizzas and shared . i couldn 't pick a favorite they were all so good ! but the very best part was the beer . i tried a few samples before choosing their pale ale with dinner and their brown for desert , some of the best local beer i 've ever had !
1	she took notice to it one day and decided we should give it a try . i 'm glad we did , it has the feel of a harveys ' with how the prepare the burgers but their selections seem to be wider . the meat has a better flavor to it , and the fries are tasty . everything in the place is clean and shiny due to it only having been here for a few months . if you get the urge for a burger but don 't want the standard you have been eating , give this place a shot . so far , the best burger i 've had yet compared to licks , harveys , and wimpy 's diner .
1	omelette cooked to perfection , not overdone like 99.5 % are . and the combination of salmon and chives was extraordinary but not overdone . and the hash browns ! nobody does hash browns like this ! we will visit again and again . can 't wait to try a dinner . even the service on a very busy day was very strong . a little pricey but well worth it .
1	there isn 't much ambience , but the food is delicious , especially the pancake , they were so buttery ! we ordered the mama pancake combo and it was good size portions with fresh home fries and eggs . i will definitely be back the next time i 'm in vegas .
1	simple , quick , friendly - go enough times and they start to know you by name . their specials on the whiteboard are usually really unique , inventive , and super tasty ( they had this one with a mustard sauce / dressing that i still get cravings for , but yet to see it again ... ) . they close around 2 or 3p so go only if you 're in the area .
1	" the flight " offers a create your own 3 pancake choice . i recommend omg french toast , pinapple upside down and the sweet potato or the daily special . coffee is great and so much more ...
1	the take out service is super fast too - even when they 're packed . everything i 've tried has been awesome . highly recommend .
1	rosie and malayna will take care of you with beautiful , humble smiles . it 's a family favorite : high quality food , great ambiance , and the buzz of happy customers . every sunday you 'll find us at griddlecakes : )
1	juices are where it 's at ! had the chicken fried steak and the wife had the bltae , both were spectacular ! will come back next time we are here in lv , thx again mto !
1	great beers ad good food at reasonable prices . always a great hang out .
1	the food is delicious with just the right amount of mediterranean flavor and spice to suit the average american palate . the staff is friendly and efficient , offering helpful recommendations and tasty pairings . two thumbs up !
1	fresh tasty food and drinks ( and a yummy looking pastry bar ) all while you get the best car wash of your cars life ! the wait for the car wash was well worth it and i happily passed the time while having a delicious lunch ( crap cakes on mixed greens ) and browsing the stores cute little market section . i just moved to the neighborhood and this will be my regular spot !
1	it 's a small quaint restaurant that 's bustling with patrons , either waiting in line or getting take out . the platter for two came out with huge portions of perogies , chicken schnitzel , cabbage rolls , beets , coleslaw and pickles . the perogies and cabbage rolls were great but their schnitzel was exceptional . it was tender and lightly breaded , full of flavor and texture . i definitely will come back if i 'm ever close to roncesvalles again !
1	yesssss . it was so good and unique . full of flavor for something that only had a few ingredients . their hummus and pita .. oh my goodness .. out of this world . their outdoor area is a big perk too , right in the heart of the city . prices are reasonable and service was great ! looking forward to going back .
1	scallops fantastic , pork chop tender and juicy , pot pie fantastic. brick oven has actual coals as does the grill . pbnj beingnets awesome .
1	haven 't ordered something we haven 't liked . if i could give more stars i would . service is absolutely excellent . today i happened to leave my credit card without realizing . to my surprise , as i was leaving the parking lot our server was waiting for us . she flagged me down and returned my card to me . to me this is going above and beyond ! i only wish i knew her name , but a big thank you for being so awesome ! it isn 't everyday someone would do that . thank you to the whole staff for providing great good and service !
1	we started out with the 3 meat & 3 cheese assortment . we then shared sliders , several delicious flatbreads ( the best of which was the chef 's selection with the quail egg ) , garlic shrimp . everything was great except the beet salad ( being warm caused the goat cheese to melt , obscuring the taste of the beets ) and the chicken ( i 've never like to order chicken at a good restaurant anyway ) . the crab cups were really interesting all this plus banana bread beer ! i will definitely come back here
1	absolulty the best philly sandwich , place a little different concept but the food is just perfect i love the chilli steak fries and the sweet potatoes were awesome
1	we went in boldly as a group of 6 , even though the place was packed ( as usual ) . the staff was very friendly and managed to squeeze us in after like 45 minutes , which was nice considering the time . i ordered the bbq ribs with russel sprouts - so far the best meal i 've had in montreal . i also like the fact that even though it was a little noisy because of the chatter , the music wasn 't that loud ( as it is in most places ) . all of us had a really positive experience and everyone enjoyed their meals . considering the quality of the food , the prices are actually pretty reasonable .
1	highly recommend . kelly and lynn are the best ... very attentive and welcoming !
1	absolute amazing food. best nrekky ive had in vegas a must visit restaurant. good vibes friendly staff and super nice food !
1	went here for my birthday breakfast and it was our first visit . we each ordered the breakfast burro and the first time . simply perfect ! so glad we found this cute little cafe . we will be back !
1	it 's just as good as anything you will find in lexington . staff was great . bought a groupon to try it out and will definitely be returning .
1	they have a large variety of every breakfast item you can imagine . there is something for everyone . service was also excellent , very fast and professional . pricing is incredible , make sure you get a players card because they discount a few dollars off by using your card . i don 't have one single negative about this place . everything is amazing and sets the bar for what a great buffet should be .
1	the coffee " donut " pancake was to die for as was the lower east sider and breakfast burrito . everything on the menu looks so amazing , it 's hard to choose . plus , the wait staff is super friendly and helpful . the wait was long , but totally worth it . i already have my next trip planned !
1	blueberry chocolate chip pancakes ! great service and was right on the way to the ballpark to see the sf giants play pittsburgh . real hometown irish atmosphere in a great location .
1	we go there on the regular . it 's a weekly thing because it 's that good . french toast is out of this world . the dutch baby is super tasty . their bacon is bomb . and i can 't not mention the strawberry pancakes with fresh whipped cream ... delicious . they are always packed , but the wait time is never too long and they bring out your food so fast . this review needed to be written a while ago . i 'm finally getting around to it after probably 30 times of going to this place . trust me . it 's good .
1	ordered the hangover cooked medium and the egg on top cooked over medium . amazing ! very unassuming while passing by but you have to try this place .
1	you can tell the burgers are hand-patted and they are huge . i have yet to eat an entire burger . the fries are awesome and their " special sauce " is good on everything . this is definitely our go to place for a good burger .
1	the service and consistency of quality has made me a regular . phenomenal service great and large variety of food
1	even the fries are the best ! awesome sauces , and they are always very generous portions . anytime i want to treat myself to some good fried food , this is my go-to place . even their drink machine is a notch above the rest ( one of those 100 combination types )
1	super friendly , great food and service . highly recommended for all . get the eggs benny deluxe .
1	better than my beloved gyro house at home . take the " fast food " part away , and it 's still one of the best greek places i 've been to - period . very clean inside , ingredients are colorful and fresh , staff is efficient and sweet ( and super greek ) . owner can be seen walking around talking to friends . amazing hummus . try the avgolemeno ( lemon chicken soup ) . greek salad is perfect . feta fries are to die for . free extra pita ! ! ! ! $ & @ & $ $ !
1	had scallops benedict with bacon and hollandaise sauce , incredible .. relaxing dining , not fancy over the top atmosphere . very nice .
1	this location is located in an upscale hotel / apartment bldg connected to a mall . so yes it 's trendy and pricy the service is unmatched . food preparation , presentation and quality are first class . i definitely will visit again .
1	mousaka and greek salad were authentic and delicious . owner and his wife were gracious and welcoming .
1	the customer service is absolutely outstanding ! we go out of our way to eat here . never had a better gyro ! thank you ! definitely check this place out !
1	pretty views of the lake and many selections of wine / cocktails for $ 6 . lots of half price discounts on food and 20 % off all other drinks . gotta get there early though , fills up fast and they won 't let you in if there aren 't any seats . never had dinner here but they also have an incredible brunch . $ 40 all you can eat with a mimosa . high end options like bouillabaisse , bagel and lox , grilled and broiled fishes plus all the standard breakfast favorites . eggs , bacon , benedict , fresh waffles . not to mention the wonderful desserts ! so fantastic : ) .
1	.. they make the ranch sauce which is bomb too hats off to you guys keep up the outstanding work
1	we came on a day where they had the fresh crab legs available and they were amazing and well worth the wait and price ! the wait staff was very friendly and helpful when answering questions we had about the menu and overall we had a great time . if you 're familiar with the hot n juicy chain in the states , this definitely outshines them ! will definitely be back .
1	our first visit and all the food was incredible ! ! ! from pulled pork sandwiches , tri-tip , brisket to all the sides ; everything was very good . our party of 8 enjoyed the meal and the beautiful of the outdoor water display and palm trees . we will return again .
1	i went here on a date a while back and although i couldn 't remember my date 's name if you paid me , i can still remember the incredible taste of the stetson chopped salad .... absolutely to die for ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1	we dined with a family of 5 and the waiters were super friendly . drinks and food were very well presented me tasted exceptional . would come back but it was a bit pricy . oh and the views from terrace are unbeatable .
1	i dined solo on a business trip , and everything was beyond excellent , from the service to the wine to the burrata to the bread and finally to the agnolotti , which was an amazingly rich mix of pasta with pumpkin and sage and walnuts in this butter / oil / starch mix . i thought it was just unreal how good it was . the price for all that was about $ 50 , and it was one of those moments where i thought , " oh , i am so ready to abandon the over-priced , over-hyped , over-douchebag-populated restaurant scene of san francisco , because this is so much better ! "
1	been to almost all the 4 + star places and nothing compares . brought both my family and my fiancee 's family here and not one person has been slightly dissatisfied . banana creme pancakes , best thing i 've ever ate . whole hog skillet ... actually has meat in it ! but , the thing that separates this place is their omelets . i don 't get them , but my fiancee , her family , and my dad love them . they are huge and the eggs are mega fluffy . can 't give this place enough credit . absolutely love it and we eat here as often as budgetly possible .
1	the food the great and unpretentious . i usually just get over easy eggs and pancakes so i hate fancy breakfast places , i just want to not have to worry about my eggs not being runny because i over cooked them again . coffee is wonderful and they have vanilla creamer . even better it 's not expensive so it 's a nice treat without buyers remorse .
1	the food is great , service is wonderful . try the black forest ham omelet--my favorite thing so far . every waitress that we 've had has been so attentive . every outrageous request that we 've made has been done . if there 's a line when you get there , it 's worth the wait .
1	been coming here for years and refreshing to see the same staff here time and time again . always excellent service and the prime rib is wonderful . i always get the creamy ranch house salad , mushrooms , asparagus , garlic bread , and a prime rib as big as my head . never disappointed .
1	great prices and very good food . highly recommend !
1	i 've never gotten anything i didn 't like .
1	everything on the menu is amazing & the service omg ! highly recommend to anyone !
1	it helps that i live down the street . the pasta here is phenomenal , i always get the big rig pasta with chicken - to die for ! ! they are also known for their refillable bowl of pasta . if you happen to have enough room after your meal , you have to get the baked pizookie . it is a warm and gooey chocolate chip cookie with ice cream , good for a group . the best dessert i 've ever had for sure !
1	i get the double cheese burger with bacon . they have a ranch mayo sauce and i add barbecue but then just had my life changed with their spicy korean beef tacos , and now tried their spicy korean beef sandwich ..... amazing . you have to try it .
1	amazing steaks ! extremly intresting and delicious appetizers and desserts ! very expensive !
1	fun , great food . the staff are always on the ball , listening to each table to see what they want . you say to your dinner party " ooh , i 'd really like some more .... " bam ! it 's at your table a minute later . love this place !
1	the service was great , the food was great , the inside was beautiful , the entertainment was outstanding . waitresses would get up on stage and sing with the band and these girls are not just doing karaoke , every girl who got up on stage to sing wasn 't just good but extremely talented . i ordered the chicken fried steak and drunken collard greens . folks , these collard greens are something else . best i 've ever had ! love this place and looked forward to going back .
1	awesome fresh salads with any topping you can imagine . make it your own custom type deal . i love this chain so much that i went here on my trip to nyc as well . employees are super nice .
1	located in the aria , hands down one of the best dining experiences i 've had in las vegas , they had a prix fixe menu ( 3 courses ) as well as another full menu filled with seasonal options ! we decided to opt out of prix fixe and went for the menu which ended up costing about the same and we got to lin point items we really wanted on the menu . would recommend sage to anyone . i believe it was $ 190 for 2 people to have 2 appetizers 2 entrees and we each had a beverage ( wine and a beer )
1	the owners are really friendly and obviously passionate about their food . i can 't wait to go back and try more ! i was in the mood for a simple ham and cheese but didn 't see it on the menu . i think they could see my baffled look on my face , asked me what i was looking for and then made me the best damn ham and cheese panini i 've ever had . my friend had a mac n cheese sandwich which was good , but not as good as my custom job ! really friendly service , reasonably priced , great location and amazing food ! i 'll be back
1	my husband and i got shrimp with the hot n juicy seasoning and garlic butter . both were delicious . staff was ok but we just wanted to eat a big meal in the middle of the afternoon . we will come back again for the juicy seasonings !
1	i had the grilled cheese and it was phenomenal ! ! ! ! ! ! ! definitely will be back often ! ! ! ! ! !
1	very very kind staff . this is a favorite for me . portions are very large so one order can be shared with 2-3 people . hummus is amazing . also falafel is great .
1	forget subway ! you drive up to this tent-like circus building and you can 't prepare for the interior decor : ) you find something new to read every time you 're there ! ! they have a good variety of hot & cold subs and very tasty ! ! i would definitely recommend for a fast lunch spot !
1	their food and drinks are amazing - especially the green chile burger - hands down , best burger in town . outside patio is charming and a fun place to hang out with family and friends . very kid friendly too !
1	our whole table enjoyed exceptional service by john our server and the chefs really know how to make quality dinner . i enjoyed the special tonight of lamb shank with goat cheese ravioli and leave room to share dessert
1	a trip to andre 's downtown restaurant is really a treat . just took my wife for our thirtieth anniversary dinner last week . a quiet , comfortable atmosphere , friendly staff , and a wonderful dining experience awaits those who find this place . a little off the beaten path , which makes this a special spot . awesome !
1	it 's simple and comfortable . the service was great , we were seated promptly and were very well taken care of . i ordered the huevos rancheros and it was hittin ' it . definitely going to eat there again .
1	second time this month i 've been here and i hope to come back again soon
1	the outdoor patio area is gorgeous in the evening when the sun is setting and the lights are so pretty ! some of the guests there seemed a tad judgmental but i think you are going to get that anywhere that close to scottsdale . the food was excellent . i 've enjoyed deviled eggs at this location , crab cakes , salad and divine wine ! a must-try in phx !
1	i 'm not a vegetarian but i love their food . i get the fattoush salad which is warm rice and beans and tons of garlic on romaine . i 've had their schwarmas , their falafal and their hummos and have never had a bad experience . the new location makes me super happy . parking can be hard sometimes but there is a garage just next door .
1	perfect noise level for great conversation . steak bousin was fantastic
1	matts ' serves the best breakfast in downtown phoenix ! ! i usually order the special which is always amazing ! ! the toast is delicious with their organic preserves . the homefries are also yummy . i love the local vibe . the owner is always friendly , and greeting you with a big smile ! stop by and you won 't regret it ! can 't wait to go back ! !
1	the owner matt is super nice , the daily specials are deelish ( as is the regular menu ) , and because it 's small you can sill hear what your lunch date is saying . don 't plan to stay too long though during peak hours , as seating is limited .
1	amazing location and such a great food ! ! ! been going there for a long , long time ! i have yet be even slightly annoyed . bliss ! they wait on you hand and foot , food presentation and taste is fantastic ... always make you feel very special .. the hostesses are not rude nor snooty and are always smiling- great managers ! love them all around ! ( and i am super picky ( and proud of it ! ) do it ! ! ! go there ! ! ! ! ! # 1 rest. per me in az for beautiful location and food !
1	it 's not a ruth 's steakhouse or extravagant dining , it is a phenomenal little burger shop . they do more then burgers too . stop by grab a lava burger ( if you can handle the heat ) and then try the shawarma wrap . i 'll be back , especially if the owner is always this welcoming .
1	grandma b 's is the best diner in pittsburgh . i ordered french toast with beef sausage which was good . though the highlight of the meal was certainly the philly cheesesteak my friend ordered . it was the best cheesesteak that i 've ever tried . i highly recommend ordering the cheesesteak for your first meal here . i take full responsibility if you don 't find the cheesesteak to be outstanding .
1	burger and ice tea was good and the guy at the front desk was very helpful ! i would go there again
1	we tried it for the first time and were shocked and completely impressed . the food was great . friendly service and great atmosphere .
1	very kind service and really good prices . i recommend this place to everyone .
1	the staff was so friendly and the owner was at every table making sure that every customer had a great dinner experience . we will be coming back .
1	take out or launch dine-in is perfect match for someone digging mediterranean cuisine . it 's all very tasty , and generous size .
1	from the service to the food , i had an amazing experience here . definitely a five star restaurant and worth every penny , especially if you have a special occasion . i loved everything that i tried ( including escargots for the first time ! ) and the presentation was superb .
1	the staff is the best . i 've dabbled around their menu for a few years but always come back to the crispy chicken cobb . craving it now ! !
1	we ordered garlic knots and two pizzas and it was all delicious . even better than the food was the excellent service . it was easily the best service we have received on our trip . i hope my pie makes its way to denver soon .
1	have been to love chix for several different occasions and they have impressed me and my partner every time . the food is so fresh and delicious . the atmosphere is relaxed and welcoming . the staff is so friendly and helpful . i could go on and on and on . i 'd recommend trying the brussel sprouts , fried chicken and what ever beer the bartender thinks will best suite your pallet go in and give them a try ! thank you for coming to the neighbourhood love chix team
1	my partner had the meatloaf ( with luscious broccoli--- try saying that in the same sentence ) , superb homemade gravy , and real mashed potatoes with the skins on them ... i had the cobb salad , and if you are a foodie , you know that cobb salad is a dangerous thing to put on a menu--- it is difficult to execute properly , and this was perfect . we will be back , again , and again , and again ... wish we had found this years ago !
1	1 . food was great , cheesy hashbrowns went great with my custom omlet 2 . service was with a great smile all around , greeter and servers took great care of us 3 . loved the patio and decor , nice modern place and everyone 's plate i was eyeballing looked amazing . conveniently located just outside new york new york and great atmosphere . highly recommend to anyone local or traveling !
1	2nd time here and it 's seems to be one of those special places that anything on the menu is ridiculously good .
1	5 stars for food , atmosphere , service and more . this place is absolutely gorgeous and perfect for a date or family get together . best seafood i 've ever tasted and i was incredibly impressed seeing as this state does not border the ocean . better seafood here than in california from the bay area . 10 / 10 will eat here in the future and for the rest of my life . there 's a long wait but definitely worth it .
1	excellent service , huge portion sizes and all of our food was delicious ! i ordered the chicken and waffles and didn 't expect so much food ! 2 huge chicken breasts and 6 waffles . omg ! needless to say i couldn 't finish it . my bf ordered an avocado burger that he could barely fit in his mouth lol . service was great , food was great , i highly recommend eating here ! huge thanks to our server , brian who was also wonderful .
1	all of our food was exquisite . the peanut butter and jalapeño jelly burger was delicious and subtle . the local grass fed beef was well worth the extra money ! ! the belgium waffle battered onion rings were the best onion rings ever , especially with the sirachi maple syrup ketchup . adding to unique food experiences , try the grilled jalapeño popper sandwich with duck fat fries ... oh my ! ! ! when trying the restaurant be sure to ask for bryce , he was a delightful and attentive server . the brew was the best we 've tried in the area as well .
1	all the beers have great flavoring lending themselves to enthusiasts and everyone . open big atmosphere makes it ideal for an after workout hangout spot . the food is a even better story . brick oven pizza rivals the best i have ever had . creative yet subtle , flavorful yet simple . must try the goat cheese stuffed dates . order double .
1	always great service . fast hot food on my arrival . my husband and i eat here at least once a week since we just moved to the area . the gyros are amazing ! ! ! ! they remind me of my favorite gyro stand in nyc ! ! ! must try ! ! you cannot beat the price eaither . i get a regular gyro my husband gets a jumbo gyro meal and it 's under $ 20 . and enough food for us , even with a little one growing in my belly ! !
1	absolutely amazing and cozy i love this place and ill be back and i will bring others as well for sure ! ! ! !
1	if you 're in las vegas , be sure and get off the strip and indulge yourself . you will not be disappointed .
1	and this from a non-chocolate lover . the prices were very good for an upscale bistro located in the caesar 's palace forum shops . the sunday pasta and the risotto were wonderful . so were the cocktails , both chocolate and non . but , the best had to be the dessert . chocolate eggrolls , with peanuts , bananas , and two different chocolate dipping sauces .
1	friendly and attentive staff make the visit enjoyable and memorable . if you 're staying in or around the venetian in vegas , stop in - you won 't regret it !
1	the food is fantastic , the servers are great and the location is surprisingly very conducive to relaxed conversation and an enjoyable dining experience .
1	a true taste of home from detroit ! i love in la now and was working out here in tempe and saw this and had to stop ! great food , david was so welcoming . felt like i was home ! will definitely be coming back every time i 'm out here for work . would love to see them get up to la area ! !
1	the steak and mushrooms are incredible ! phenomenal oregon pinot noir wine ! i crave this place daily , hard to find healthy and delicious combined !
1	what a friendly and helpful staff ! the menu is diverse and the servers are super helpful if you are undecided . 4 different homemade sauces to smother your hearts delight and the pulled pork is heavenly melting in your mouth . highly recommend this bbq . best i have ever had ! !
1	from the food to the hospitality , everything is top notch . well traveled bbq lover and everything on the menu is can 't miss . brisket and the smoked turkey is ridiculous . oh and if you have room ... definitely get the donut .
1	i 'm fairly new to arizona and i was fortunate to find this local treasure one day while driving home . wait time can be as much as an hour , however it is certainly well worth the wait . also it should be noted that they do have misters and complimentary ice water while you wait , another nice little tidbit is the owner will come out with samples of their house made sausage which is awesomely delicious ! i highly recommend to anyone that loves good bbq ! thanks little miss bbq for all you do !
1	everything from the building to the waitresses to the food is absolutely amazing and exactly where you want to be eating a big ol ' amazing plate of bbq food . the cornbread is probably the most amazing i 've had since leaving tennessee .
1	being from detroit i have yet to find a place in az that truly has mediterranean cuisine that i am accustom to ! many have tried and failed but pita bistro has come and conquered ! in the 3 weeks it 's been open i 've been here twice and tried something different , i was impressed each time ! as a vegetarian i have options and combinations for days , and i plan on trying them all ! amazing ! i am a pita bistro fan ! see you guys next week !
1	best in cleveland . and reasonably priced . they allege their ingredients are all from scratch : hand tossed dough , hand cut tomatoes and meat , and sauce made from scratch . amazing taste . friendly staff . and an ipad for a cash register : ) patio looks like it would be amazing for warm months especially with the great nightlife nearby , but the indoor seating is lacking . must go ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1	best philly in town ! every time i go to the mall i have to stop . now i only wish they would open one outside of the mall in the northwest ! yummmmm
1	best place in phoenix for seafood without a doubt . our waiter scott was awesome .
1	best service ! not often do you have a dining that blows you away .... cholla did this and exceeded any expectations we had . you will not find a better steak for the price anywhere in arizona . ( yes maestros but it 's 2 1 / 2 times the price ) . they serve you a hot towel and amuse bouche to start , sorbet in between to cleanse the palate and a 14oz ribeye with 2 sides for $ 20 . linda did an amazing job and we can 't wait to spread the word . thank you !
1	best wings that i have had . i am a boneless fan and the sweet thai chili were so unique and flavorful . not sure how they do it but they were actually crispy with a crunch . the chocolate chip cookie is too good ! it is very clean .
1	better than i imagined . i had the summer tomato pizza .. sooo good . also had the mediterranean salad . both amazing. had a hangover rx drink ... added vodka of course : ) service was incredible . staff knew menu inside out . highly recommended
1	palm filet mignon and 3 lbs . lobster ! ! the hash browns are to die for also ! !
1	bottomless mimosas and the best omelette i 've ever had . and not to mention those potatoes ! wow ! ! ! ! ! ! this place has beyond exceeded any and all expectations !
1	incredible burgers and fish also ! we went twice in a weekend because the food is that great ! ! also awesome happy hour specials & for football ! the only thing i didn 't care for were all of the kids in the bar area on a sunday football day , it was a bit rowdy for kids to be around , but we will be back for sure
1	would totally recommend this to anyone that loves a great breakfast !
1	jessie is an absolute doll and provided stellar service . we will definitely be back again for more amazing food . the skillets are top notch .
1	absolutely amazing breakfast , steak and eggs were both cooked prefect which is rare these days .
1	the setting reminded me of portland oregon 's eastside with the laid back friendly atmosphere . our group had the chicken fried steak , a prime rib hash , and my delicious dish , the huevos motulenos ( not sure if i spelled that right ) . the mix of flavors were paired beautifully with the unexpected sweet banana , feta cheese , black beans , a milder verde sauce with a zippier red on top over easy eggs with a side of onions and potatoes . get a side of avocado to top it off and some fresh squeezed orange juice and get your day going right ! be sure to get there before 11 am for breakfast though because there is a cut off .
1	wonderful server , super cute atmosphere ! try the pot bread , red velvet pancakes , chicken fried steak , the ultimate and eggs benedict . we loved everything !
1	brings a whole new dimension to hot dogs . only the best ingredients and cooked to perfection . i had no idea that a dog this different could be so wonderful - simply outstanding
1	terrific , great staff , large selections of everything . without a doubt i will be back in there summer when i visit vegas again .
1	by far one of the best restaurants in montreal . speechless ! this is a must try if you 're in montreal .
1	by far the best bbq i ever had . great service , great restaurant and great food . can 't wait to come back tomorrow !
1	came here before a show and had a wonderful experience . customer service : outstanding ! food : superb ! the small seafood stack was delicious . the salmon was the best i 've ever had ; it was perfectly cooked .... it literally melts in your mouth . hubby had the kansas city steak and he loved it . he also said it was the best he 's had . we also had a side of the mac & cheese and it was very tasty . drinks : perfect ! i had the cucumber martini and it was so fresh . hubby had the cadillac margarita and he really enjoyed it . i would definitely come back !
1	chef steve austin is the peoples chef ! ! i made plans to propose tomy girlfriend here and i couldnt of made it happen without chef steve austin . amazing customer service . very personable . the staff is amazing . the entire restaurant voluntarily took part in my proposal . great food . great staff . biggest night in my life couldnt happen if it wasnt for them . especially chef steve austin ! ! the peoples chef ! ! !
1	.. classic spicy meat sauce is great . a must go to every time we visit vegas
1	our server was very entertaining and made our visit worth it . the atmosphere and interior was pretty cool and since we bought a drink , we got to get the glass as a souvenir ( you just show your receipt to the clerk at the gift shop downstairs ^ ^ ) . i 'll definitely come back whenever i 'm in vegas !
1	cute little place we found on yelp and the food here is fantastic . they only serve breakfast and lunch . simple menu but the food has great presentation , flavor and quality . service was amazing too . i wish there 's a place like this in vegas . definitely highly recommended !
1	deliciously fresh & tasty ! ! ! ! beautiful ambience ! ! very caring and friendly staff ! ! so far one of the best in town ! !
1	the buffet is a serious contender for the best buffet in vegas . plentiful options , attention to detail , and quality food . they have the best seafood collection on the strip and also have a great selection of fine meats .
1	not one item disappointed and while the food changes week to week so there is no point to mention specific dishes , rest assured you will not be disappointed . the presentation , flavors and service were a 10 out of 10 !
1	each dish better than the last . the dish i will be talking about for weeks to come is the heirloom tomatoes with tomato sorbet . simply spectacular . also , the pork belly with black fun tuna was unforgettable . honestly , better food than acclaimed restaurants in much larger cities . milwaukee , you 'd better seriously step it up .
1	absolutely amazing especially on mondays .. jen and staff are great ... have not disappointed in 3 years coming here .. you got to try ... monday $ 6 burger
1	even for my wife who is vegetarian ... the salad buffet is so much more than salad ! love this spot . it is expensive ( $ 50pp ) but worth every penny
1	even with a party of 61 in front of us , our service was phenomenal , orders came out exactly as placed , food was prepared to perfection , and our waitress was wonderful . these guys know how to run a steak house !
1	every single thing i 've tried on the menu is to die for . i especially love the turkey burger with mango chutney . it 's one of the items that will always be on the menu and i 've had it multiple times . ambiance is awesome , staff is great .
1	every single thing we had was insanely delicious . my favorites : that filet ! ! , the risotto , bisque , and that warm frisée salad ... i can 't stop thinking about it . the staff was incredible . i felt like royalty the entire time . the ambiance was perfection . if you don 't eat here , you 're seriously missing out .
1	if you 're from out of town this place is a must ! ! !
1	everything . fresh , delicious and propt . you have to try the mvp fries . and the baklava was the best i 've ever had . this will be a regular place we visit .
1	everything . gainey ranch , scottsdale location . ask for jenniffer burke , she will serve you with a smile . perfect evening , every time ! happy , fun , delicious !
1	everything we ate was fresh , beautiful and delicious . easily one of the best meals i have ever had !
1	all the apps were delicious , cornbread it to die for and the deviled eggs , salad , meatballs were all scrumptious as well ! we had the chicken and the macho salad which were also yummy ! margaritas were also great as well ! i will be back next time im in scottsdale or wherever else i can find one ( i 've been to the one in chicago and plan on trying the corona del mar one too )
1	excellent service from the time i called to make a reservation ( because open table didn 't show availability for the time i wanted ) to the hostess to the wait staff . we ordered the filet and it was cooked to perfection ! the garlic mashed potatoes and spinach were generous and the butter cake lived up to expectations . we will definitely be back
1	we had our anniversary dinner here and they sat us at the chef 's table which was quite the experience . if you like food and how it 's made then this is the seat for you . yes it will be noisy and fast pace and not your typical romantic dinner at the chefs table but it is the ultimate foodies seat . the chef provided extra tastings at no charge and never missed a beat . as for the food . it is some of the most diverse flavors you will experience . i suggest the green beans and the short rib meal . the drinks are also awesome including the margarita flights . try the bell pepper margarita .
1	oysters are to die ! it also must be one of the most romantic places i 've visited in years . a bit hard to find since no big signs so just look for the number over the door
1	great friendly and courteous service.the food was fantastic , the cooks basically read our minds . wide selections and even a page selection for our vegetarian friend . also great for people with nut allergies . the food is so flavourful and delicious.the bread and the samosas were out of this world . overall phenomenal service . we 'll definitely be back and will definitely recommend it to friends .
1	i decided to try it anyways and i was far from disappointed . the girl over the counter was pleasant and the food was amazing ! ! ! ! super fresh , ( gave me free peri peri sauce ) . will be back for sure
1	visited from out of town and by far one of my favorite things about montreal . ended up taking home fresh fruit , delicious olives stuffed with goat cheese , locally grown wine , and had some poutine with foie gaui from a vendor . highly recommended !
1	would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great breakfast / brunch . nicole was our server and she was the sweetest ! she made great suggestions , told us all about the menu & went above and beyond to let us sample a couple things prior to ordering . my husband ordered carnitas eggs benedict which was on a jalapeños cornbread , city grits which had green onion , bacon & tomato in them . i got french toast , scrambled eggs , sausage patties & grits with cheese . the sausage has rosemary & hot sauce in it and is to die for ! this is our new favorite brunch spot & we cant wait to come back !
1	fabulous atmosphere , server , and food . no complaints at all ! the restaurant itself is very nice . the food was delicious and an overall wonderful experience ! highly recommend .
1	first off , it 's completely reasonably priced . i ordered the ten inch mediterranean pizza and it was 9 dollars , and for the quality i thought that was great . our waitress was this cute little thing and she was so nice and so down to earth . and the food was so good , i most definitely coming back . it 's odd that people don 't give this a high rating because i thought it was great .
1	first time eating here , and it 's my husband second . he had a huge steak and i had the salmon . best we have both ever had . great flavor and large portions . grilled asparagus and a garlic cheesy mashed potatoes . best food we ate in vegas . will definitely be going back next trip , it 's our new tradition we have decided : ) also great service , our server looked very young , but he was respectful and pleasant , great place , and highly recommend .
1	the beer selection is delicious . my husband and i shared the oysters ( briney and amazing ) , beef marrow ( out of this world ) , the salted beets ( refreshing & delicious ) , steak tartare ( better than bobby flay 's ) and a cheese and meat board . fern the hostess , to the bartender , to the server and the food runners everyone was friendly and helpful . will definitely be back .
1	appetizers , entrees , and dessert ! a must eat ! best restaurant in town ! outstanding service ! family owned and ran . fantastic food that you can 't forget ! lobster , steak , bananas fosters , scallops , and snails will blow you away !
1	saraab was our server and she was awesome ! ! ! she knew exactly what to recommended and everything she recommended was mind blowingly delicious ! everything made from scratch in house ! 5stars for sure !
1	it did take a little while to get our food , but it was well worth the wait ! didn 't expect the tacos to be as big as they were and have as much meat in them as they did . the burgers were amazing as well . everything about this place screams -yummy ! can 't wait to go back .
1	food had large portions . after an amazing breakfast on our first day with shane , our bartender , we decided to come back for lunch the following day . food was just as delicious and had another amazing time ! definitely recommend splitting food . but the drinks are poured strong , and coming from a bartender this is definitely a place i would recommend ! thanks again shane ! you were awesome ! go broncos
1	our waitress , allison , was hands down the best waitress we 've ever had . she was so polite and helpful . she checked on us often and made sure we were completely taken care of . we couldn 't have been happier ! she gave us the perfect service ! everything we ordered was made fresh and very delicious . we had the mussels , veal , polenta , bread , and more . all of it was wonderful ! we can 't wait to go back . my husband and i highly recommend this restaurant . the owners are so sweet and helpful , as well . go dine here ! you will be so glad you did !
1	we had spring rolls and the rib plate and it 's by far the best food we 've had in the area ! margaret was our server and she was friendly and helpful . i 'd definitely recommend this place to anyone ! !
1	food is always piping hot and fresh . they get all their food fresh and cook your order when you order it nothing is per made . i 'm not in town much but this my go to place when i 'm home .
1	the pizza , calzone , past and salads were fantastic . the staff was great ! food came out of the kitchen fast , i would highly recommend this spot , especially for families or anyone with a big appetite : - ) we will be back ! !
1	felt like we were dining in paris , not shaker square . i will definitely eat there again . great place for a romantic dinner .
1	if you like buffalo chicken don 't miss their great wrap ! their servers were extremely friendly and attentive . we will be back !
1	i ordered the red velvet waffles and blackened catfish . both dishes were unbelievably yummy ! the red velvet waffles were perfectly soft on the inside and crispy on the outside , and the sugar powder on top was just the perfect finish to a perfect dish ! the blackened catfish was rich in flavor ! i also got the sweet tea / lemonade ! price was very decent !
1	sit at the bar , enjoy a berry white martini and spicy edamame . this is a staple place for me and friends , never had a bad roll . worth the price ! dam jumper is my all time favorite !
1	the owners are the most delightful couple , and it really makes you want to come back just to interact with them . food is always fresh and tasty ! would recommend it to anyone !
1	the stuffed shrimp is fantastic and the chocolate mousse is to die for . we went back over and over again !
1	their crispy chicken sandwich and their chicken salad sandwiches are the best . you cannot go wrong when it comes to food at this location
1	as a vegan i am always excited to try new places to have a meal that i don 't have to cook myself ! was my first time trying fern out and the flavors were amazing . love the details in the restaurant , all the way to the silverware . the service was great , and it was a really great spot for a relaxing lunch . had the cobb salad and tomato soup , both amazing .
1	sunday gravy is incredible , sorry to say but better than my mom and grandmas ... and i 'm italian ! garlic bread is killer ! excellent place to get authentic italian , service is great and vibe is not stuffy like most vegas celebrity restaurants . lobster tail for desert ! !
1	best monte cristo i have had in a long time . service was great ! and you can 't beat the price .
1	our server lisa was extremely attentive and had the whole table smiling ! she suggested certain food items , and we tried them out and absolutely loved it ! my parents ordered the nachos with beef chili & it was huge ! i love the fact that they put green onions on their nachos , that is key ! i ordered the chicken parmesan sliders with tater tots and it was great ! you can sub out different types of cheese ; i got pepper jack cheese on mine . will definitely return here & recommend to others .
1	by far the best gyro i have ever had . very good , clean , family operation .
1	felt really like home cooked indian meal . loved it . this is almost like 10th time i am here , and i just realized i missed to review them . regular ala carte is good , but lunch buffets are amazing , especially during weekends . it 's not just food , but we also get to see lot of indians around , it almost feels like a restaurant in india ! ! !
1	friendly atmosphere . we live in town and love this place . will definitely be back soon ! !
1	great service . everything is supplied by local farms and is organic . fresh , unique and nice atmosphere . i 've been twice . last night the music in the bar was a little too loud but it was still a superior dining experience ! !
1	had the lamb bolognese the other night and it was phenomenal . also tried the tarragon manhattan and it was quite superb . definitely will be returning to this fine establishment !
1	had a brilliant fois gras main and a creative entree . strong flavours mixed really well together . this place was a highly of my trip to montreal and i 'll definitely be back !
1	food hit the spot for price , value , taste , price and then some . drinks were on par to amazing with our bartender amy simply on spot . she took care of our drinks with a personal touch . great old fashion . jalapeño burger was full of flavor at medium rare , i 'll be back for you soon .
1	i always get take out and it never disappoints . if you want a lot of food get the lamb gyro it will take you three sittings to eat it all . the buffalo hummus is also amazing sounds weird but if you like spicy you will love it !
1	if you like gamey meat then you need to come here asap . it 's a small place with nice , simple decor . named one of the best new restaurants in toronto in 2016 and definitely deserving of that title .
1	i love the home feel to the place . it takes me back to sitting in my grandpa 's kitchen as he made very similar breakfasts for us ! my all time favorite breakfast joint . the biscuits and gravy or chicken friend steak are the best ! ! highly recommended and keep up the good work guys !
1	i love the pinky dog ! comes with homemade pimento cheese and homemade chili ! phenomenal doesn 't even cut it ! the cheese fries are outstanding , and my boyfriend loves the triple g ! and as always the staff is very helpful and on top of things ! i will keep coming back !
1	food is great , owner erika is outstanding and really takes pride in her business . she has helped me stay on track with eating healthy , the results are really starting to show ! i would suggest the salmon with mango salsa ( which is new ) , the red hot chicken , lemon pepper chicken , basil pesto fish , or the turkey meat balls . those are a few of my favorites . i am not picky on my sides , but the mashed sweet potatoes are perfect . and you can 't beat getting all your meals delivered to you with friendly smiles ! : )
1	maybe the best shrimp cocktail on the planet . scallops were excellent - great dish . we wish we could have tried more - will need to return . great classy atmosphere with a fun twist . super service too .
1	my fiancé and i both agreed we haven 't had a meal like that in the longest time . the steak is perfection and the salmon was to die for . we loved the entire experience . definitely a good date night spot .
1	my girlfriend and i stumbled upon this restaurant randomly and decided to try it out for their $ 20 prix fixe lunch special . this included an appetizer , entree , and dessert . i decided to try the croque madame even though i 've never liked ham , and it was one of the best sandwiches i 've ever had . on the same trip we went to wolfgang puck 's spago and postrio , as well as d.o.c.g. next door , but comme ca was by far the outstanding favorite .
1	nothing was cold , dry , or tasteless . the server joseph did an amazing job and i didn 't have to wait for refills or look for him to get me things for the table . very glad to have a lucille 's so close to home . will definitely be back ! !
1	our server was amanda , she was unbelievably attentive , especially for how busy they were , and extremely sweet to my children . it was our first time there and i already can 't wait to go back !
1	quick , hearty , i never leave hungry ! great prices , clean , very friendly . i recommend this place to everyone i know .
1	seriously , seriously good . don 't miss the salmon . the owner and his wife were extremely friendly and willing to accommodate our family any way possible to make our meal great . i can 't recommend enough . excellent - and make sure to try the salmon .
1	i 'm so glad there is finally a place that has great tasting & perfect size wings with fantastic add on options . without a doubt i would highly recommend giving this place a try & you will never won 't to go somewhere else . every time i ate at that buffalo wild wing place i did not feel good after , but at this place i felt just fine . you can eat in or take out ( recommend calling ahead about 15 minutes since the wings are cooked fresh every time ) i can 't wait to go back again soon .
1	ordered the bahn mi grilled chicken tacos , garlic shrimp tacos , and the mars bar brownie . the tacos were absolutely amazing and would definitely 100 % recommend ! i still think about those tacos often and constantly crave them ( especially the bahn mi tacos ) . the brownie was also extremely delicious if you have a big sweet tooth like myself . our waitress was so kind and welcoming and definitely made an effort to get to know us . amazing service- quality ingredients ... will be returning soon !
1	started with the short rib mac and cheese for me and bone marrow for my husband . both were fantastic but the bone marrow was the star . for entrees my husband had the lamb cassoulet and would not stop raving about it . i had the pappardelle and it was the best thing i 've ever eaten , ever . i would have licked my plate clean if i could . we skipped dessert since nothing was standing out . service was so / so but the food made up for it
1	starting with the welcoming staff , the delicious variation of menu items , good pricing , and best burgers in the valley ! this is a place you don 't want to miss ! the aioli sauces are fabulous ( especially the truffle aioli ) and burgers melt in your mouth ! ! ! ! ! ! the salads are wonderful and despite the amazing fries they even have roasted veggies ! ! ! we have been there multiple times and have been extremely happy with every experience .
1	stellar service and awesome drinks . our server brian made the experience a great one , he took the time to explain and show us each cut and made suggestions on sides . by far some of the best service and steaks i 've had hands down ... oh and the bread ... nom nom nom
1	the atmosphere was cozy and warm . enjoyed the 5 course meal and the steak was perfect !
1	the bone-in filet mignon was to die for . it melted in your mouth . service was also excellent and one of the managers even came over to explain the difference in the cuts of meat by asking the chef ! live music was great too . i would highly recommend this restaurant : )
1	the happy hour menu offer 's great prices . i had the hummus bruschetta which is a great combination . chicken salad was very comprehensive , both meals were delicious .
1	the only bad thing is having to choose between a delicious pizza or a fantastic sandwich . great work tammie & gary !
1	the pizza crust is the best i 've ever had in az ... and that 's coming from a chicago guy . the best way to describe this food is " taste explosion ! " the flavor combos are ridiculous . this place is tucked back in the corner of the open air mall . after dinner and desert , grab a coffee at sozo ! bonus tip : try the happy hour sliders ! !
1	the service was also outstanding , i went in for breakfast with my girlfriend . the waiter that helped us was very attentive and sweet not considering that she was very much pregnant . hard working woman , 5 stars to her and everyone else . definitely returning to eat there again .
1	the service was excellent , very nice fine dining establishment , and the food portions are enormous ! a plate for one will easily feed two , the shared platters for two will feed four ! i love lamb , but finding a place to serve it and to do it right is hard , here it was done just right . personally i find this to be an excellent date place to introduce someone to new cuisine .
1	the spicy buffalo sauce is some of the best i have ever had . owner is very friendly and makes great food !
1	the staff is friendly and helpful always making anyone coming through the door feel welcome . highly recommend veggieat xoress .
1	they definitely need to build another one in town for the locals . we go here any chance we get . nice and affordable too it hard to find a nice sit down meal on a budget but you get it all .
1	this place has great customer service and is a great place to eat ! definitely try the eggs benedict or loco moco !
1	very nice place . we love their gyro , chicken kabob , kubide , appetizer tray and so many other things that we tried . the baklava is a must ! !
1	food was great and never disappointed ! ! ! was in las vegas may 11-15 and ate there everyday . the chicken tinga omelette , hibiscus iced tea was delicious , fruit parfait was to die for ! ! only disappointment was on mother 's day when they were busy , my husband and i waited almost an hour to eat . people that came after us were waited on first , we were bypassed over and over , waiter barely interacted with us .
1	we eat here often for brunch . the breakfast food , particular the chicken and pancakes , are amazing . the lunch food is amazing as well . the fried chicken is delicious but not overly greasy . the ambience is really cool as well . it 's an awesome restaurant and i 'm so glad we have one in the city .
1	we has the fois gras to start and then the scallops for mains . both dishes were visually appealing and absolutely delicious . this place is a must visit if you are in montreal . call ahead for reservations , it 's a popular joint even though not the usual tourist spot . i will definitely go back during my next visit .
1	when i have my cheat meals i love to come here , and bring my girlfriend . the stuff green pepper entree is my fav ! you can 't go wrong here with this place . a + +
1	absolutely amazing food with a very comfortable and upscale atmosphere , the service was exceptional as well i would recommend this place to everyone !
1	i can 't wait to go back again . french press coffee the only kind they serve is excellent . portions are large better to share ... however i did a pretty good job on my own get 's busy fast so be prepared to wait unless you go early . the pancakes seem to be their signature . i don 't know if i am brave enough to try ....
1	fries were delicious and crispy . toppings were great , i had the smoked bacon ... just a wonderful lunch !
1	from the great service , to the delicious entrees and sides this was an awesome bbq experience . ricky our server was very attentive and offered wonderful suggestions . the q-rolls are a must . their ribs fall right off of the bone . their mac n cheese was delicious . i can 't wait to come back next time .
1	having played all over the world , this is one of the top courses i have played . the condition of the course was impeccable ; the staff was very professional and courteous . it blows my mind how a course practically in the middle of the desert can be so green and beautiful . what a wonderful experience ! on top of that we got to play for $ 80 , and despite it being july the heat was manageable . highly recommended !
1	we tried the biscuits and gravy , the monte cristo , and one of the blackened pork chop specials . every bite was divine . they are an amazing team - family run and well run at that . thank you chef for stopping by our table !
1	chicken souvlaki is so tender . lots of food to share or take home .
1	share plates with the table , try everything . one of the best meals i 've ever had .
1	got the pair : perfect portions and selections filet with nola shrimp : so tender and delicious . best steak ever . shrimp were great . loved the sauce . maque choux corn : fantastic del 's salad : loved the dressing must get the butter cake for dessert . unbelievable ! !
1	delicious menu with amazing salads , soups , sandwiches and pastas . everything made from scratch and fresh with the most incredible ingredients ! husband and wife shop and the most polite people you will ever meet in your life . hands down the best place to eat in scottsdale with homemade from scratch food and pastries ! !
1	great ambiance and service ! they make a superb shrimp cocktail ! the food presentations are very appetizing . i really enjoyed the meat wheel presentation . the pimm 's cocktail is refreshing !
1	great food . got here super quick i loved it ! the sauce is amazing but i 'm in love with the chicken nacho fries . very flavorful and just delicious .
1	great food that you would expect at a very high end restaurant . had the saganaki and a pizza ! can 't wait to come back .
1	great prices and wide variety of healthy options . like a way better version of panera . can 't wait to go back and try more things . got the asian salad , which was delicious , and i am picky with salad . also got the tomato bisque , which was the best tomato soup i have ever had . definitely need to go
1	great service and even better food ! huge , home made delicious portions . very family friendly . manager is great ! we have a 2 yr old and they go out of their way to make every trip fun . vegas needs more places like this ! one of the best breakfast places in town .
1	if you are in the area , go here ! big portions , reasonably priced and extremely friendly service . : ) i can 't wait to go get another gyro sandwich !
1	had fanny 's cater an event this holiday season and it was the best choice i could have made . the staff is so friendly and helpful . the food not only tasted amazing but looked gorgeous . all my guest couldn 't stop complimenting me on the catering and all the credit goes to fanny 's bistro & deli
1	had never heard of this place , and a friend took us out for lunch . great environment and service . ordered the chicken and seafood jambalaya , it was delicious !
1	had the filet and mac & cheese . great service and awesome location . if you 're in the mood for an amazing meal make a reservation and stop in .
1	had the venison tartarre and the veal osso bucco ! so good ! ! wine selection is outstanding but unfortunately no beers on tap . other then that , excellent atmosphere and service !
1	hands down . came here post-marathon , and while i could 've eaten a whole cow this place served all its food amazingly . glass bottle cokes while not refillable give a certain allure . fries dripped in cheese and caramelized onions were crisp and the main meal of a medium 6oz burger topped with maple bacon and mac and cheese is enough to make anyone drool for dessert a biscuit à la mode ( cookie and ice cream ) made from scratch hit the spot .
1	fresh food that i can taste and know it was made well . unique drink and food options and an amazing , refreshing vibe throughout . this is my favorite sam fox restaurant ... and i like them all .
1	highly recommend the pan seared trout and pig dip sandwich ... all veggies fresh and love the ambiance !
1	huge portion sizes and great atmosphere ! we also ordered a new york style cheesecake , which was out of this world !
1	i am vegetarian and i loved their goat cheese panini . service was great and wait time was minimal . i also love the decor . filled with paintings from local artists and beautiful forest green wall .
1	i came here with my friends from massachusetts and we all loved our food ! the french toast sandwich was incredible . the food here was so fresh with a beautiful presentation . we are definitely coming back ! !
1	i can 't find a single complaint about this place . the food is delicious , staff is efficient and prices are fair . you have to go .
1	i can 't think of one negative thing to say about this place ! my husband took me here for my 27th birthday , and it was a perfect night ! we got the 7 course meal , and every course was better than the last ! definitely a " splurge " type of place for us , but we will be back for sure ! hands down , the best restaurant in charlotte ... and we 've been to a lot of great places !
1	i can 't wait to come back and try everything else on the menu ! my husband and i both got a burger , we shared fries and buffalo chicken bites . the sauce on the burger was especially good and so was the buffalo sauce .
1	its a family owned restaurant and no matter how long the wait is i will return because the food tastes always great . just writing about this restaurant i am salivating .
1	if you can find a parking spot and can wait in line for 5-30 minutes for a gyro , then you must go here - make sure to bring at least $ 7 in cash , though . they are to gyros what chuck norris is to kicking ass . the lamb was juicy and perfectly seasoned . the veggies were nice and fresh , too . easily , this is the best gyro in the cleveland-akron area , with only euro gyro in akron even coming close .
1	i get the triple play every week with my girlfriend . it 's our saturday tradition !
1	i got the biscuits and gravy and its was such a large portion and it was quality . service was fast and friendly , i got the full order of biscuits and gravy with an extra side of gravy a drink and an order of hash browns . the total for all of that was $ 12.63 . if i lived here i would be coming here every morning . kind of a shame they close early .
1	i got the lux melt and my wife got the chicken and waffles . both were to die for . the waffle was the best either of us had ever tasted . we will go back again !
1	i had lunch at caffe mona and i had buffalo chicken crepe it was not on the menu before they changed the menu and everything and it became one of my favorites , it is something everybody should try . from preparation to presentation it was pleasing . the staff is great everything is fresh gotta love this place . i am also gonna attach a picture of a dessert they gave me as a treat . i will definetely be back . thank you guys great business .
1	i had met clients here a few times for coffee and a bagel and it was good . today i took the family and everything was awesome . i had a denver omelette that was perfect . best that i can remember having anywhere . kids had pancakes and bacon . both done to perfection . my wife had eggs and a fruit bowl that was fresh and delicious . the service was excellent as well . we sat outside on the patio and enjoyed the water wall and the beautiful morning . we will be going back soon i 'm sure .
1	i had the bacon and cheddar pancakes and they were perfectly done with scrambled eggs on top . our waiter was really efficient and nice and even made sure we had fresh brewed coffee ( rather than bottom of the pot ) perfect brunch place ! a little small so not exactly for large parties .
1	i had the bacon cheese burger with fries and i can honestly say i will be back ! so delicious !
1	i had the best burger i have ever had . everything is natural and fresh . service was great and they have good happy hour specials . i recommend this place to anyone they even have vegetarian options .
1	i had the cuban and my husband had the reuben . bother were incredible . we were going to share the banana pudding , but we had to get a second one because half wasn 't enough . makes me wish i lived in mesa ! we will make the trip again just to come here !
1	i had the fillet mignon wellington and the rockefeller oysters as an entree . wine can be ordered per glass , at a very reasonable price . the total is expensive , but you are well stuffed with amazing food . the only downside is that it 's quite expensive . my bill came to $ 300 with tip , for two .
1	i had the healthy choice meal , all veggie and it was delicious . the owners are very friendly , and it is a welcoming environment . will definitely continue to visit .
1	i have been to many seafood restaurants and i 've never experienced a seafood shack quite like this . the menu , the presentation and the ambiance was all outstanding . choose your seafood , pick a sauce , pick a temp and voila ! your delicious food arrives in a plastic bag right from the boiling pot . i got a lb of the snow crab legs with trifecta sauce , mild and corn on the cob--seriously an unforgettable taste and experience !
1	i have gone here multiple times but only with the groupon ! idk about you but i can 't afford this place without it .. so thankful a deal is available because this place is on my mind all the time . the service is great also , always friendly and happy .
1	i have never and probably will never again eat as well as i did in my life . the atmosphere was fantastic , service was superb , and the food was out of this world . my friend and i went and split the 12 course meal and one full meal . they give you , i think it was 5 different tasting just for coming there . so it was really like a 17 course meal . every single course was an experience . and every single course was amazing . this was the best restaurant i have ever been to . simply amazing .
1	i have never left this place not pleased with my meal . they have amazing service and great food . very pleasant and friendly staff . i will gladly take my family here over any chain restaurant .
1	i have no words to describe the pork belly and mac and cheese . simply delicious .
1	i highly recommend anyone trying this place they are delicious ! their staff is friendly and their atmosphere is very inviting
1	i just had dinner there and could not stop smiling with every bite . our server , hannah , was extremely knowledgable and very enjoyable . we started with bacon wrapped figs stuffed with blue cheese , which were out of this world ! i had the sea bass and could not get enough of the demi glase that it came with ! my family are sharers and had to take everyone 's food , and boy was that a good idea ! ! not one person was disappointed ! very enjoyable experience from start to finish ! one of the best places i have been in a very long time .
1	i 'm from buffalo ny and we know all about great food . do not miss this place ! affordable , delicious and awesome staff ! draught beer selection is so good ! bel 's amber and hawaiian shirt are not to be missed .
1	i 'm from chicago and we wanted a nice meal so i googled " where to eat in the village . " this popped up as first and it we made resos . we arrived to the restaurant and it 's very quaint and comfortable . our waiter , matieu , was phenomenal . very attentive and adorable and always smiling . the food was presented amazingly and was amazingly amazing . i would recommend this to anyone looking for a great meal in the village area of montreal .
1	i 'm not sure if i enjoyed the food ( rabbit gnoochi , bison burgers , rabbit poutine , rabbit pate ) , the drinks ( ask for a hot shot ) , the dessert ( nutella s 'mores ) , or the staff ( i sat at the bar and talked with mike all night ) , but this one one of my favorite dining experiences i have had in a long time . the food was amazing and had a great presentation , and the staff were professional and welcoming to us being from out of town . i couldn 't recommend them higher .
1	i mostly just order a sulvaki wrap with special sauce and man does it taste great ! no matter how many times you eat from here you can never you never get tired of it . not to mention its great store location which is great to stop by for a wrap or bring the whole family for a delicious dinner .
1	i 'm still dreaming about the scallops . the chopped salad was delicious too !
1	that burger is too damn insane and too damn delicious . i swear i inhaled it in 2 seconds . the jalapeño burger . get it ! great staff too and awesome atmosphere
1	i ordered the lobster roll and it was everything i could hope for . so good i went back the same day to get another one , but it was closed . you may think it could be a little over priced but for the amount of meat that they provide it is worth it .
1	i really hope they decide to open a location in queen creek . we really need an ice cream parlor out here .
1	i started it off with a couple of beers and the catfish nuggets . i got the pound of crawfish the hottest level and devoured it all . our server was amazed ! soaked the rest of the catfish nuggets with the hell blazing crawfish juice to finish it off . despite the 3 blisters on my lip i obtained from my meal this place is amazing . i cannot wait to go back ! ! !
1	i think this meal was one of the best meals i have ever had in my life . i had the french toast of course and it was out of this world . i told my boyfriend i didn 't think i had ever been so happy in my life . they have a great selection of french and american breakfast lunch and dinner options . all kinds of coffee and champagne or cocktails . the ambiance is perfect , i thought about moving in . it 's such a cute place and everyone is super nice and friendly . my boyfriend had the quiche which was rich but excellent . will definitely come back whenever in vegas !
1	it 's hard for me to find something i want without changing a million things around , but mert 's had plenty of choices for me just the way they came . even if i wanted to be picky , the waitress was more than happy to accommodate and she was on top of her game . love mert 's and have to go back soon !
1	it 's hard to make a decision between the mouth watering crêpes and the always smiling owners . the menu is enough to make anyone drool just by looking at it ! and don 't forget to order some loose leaf tea while trying to make a decision . there 's a great tea selection .
1	it 's usually packed because it 's so good and reasonably priced . they told us a 20 minute wait it was only 10 . the waitress was nice and really fast . food came fast too and it was the best breakfast i 've had in a very long time ! highly recommend ! !
1	it was busy but they got us in quickly . amanda was our waiter and she did an excellent job . helped us on what to get and the food is so delicious . french toast with choc chips ! awesome family style restaurant
1	i 've since moved to nyc but i constantly think and miss this place ( and that should say a lot because there are tons of places in new york ! ) equal parts bar and restaurant , pinkys has so many dope cocktails and eats . i always get a ridiculously annoying order : nature boy burger with veggie chilli , pimento cheese , onion rings and chipotle ranch and it is killer . before i started eating meat again , all my carnivore friends were jealous of my burger bs theirs . pinkys has plenty of vegetarian friendly options , too . servers are always nice and the quality of food fits the bill .
1	i was completely satisfied with my meal . i 'm tempted to go back before i leave vegas . that 's how good it is . the line was very long when i arrived but all cash registers were open and the line went down pretty quickly so it wasn 't too bad . there was also limited seating inside , luckily my family was able to quickly grab the next seat before someone else sat down . i thoroughly enjoyed my chicken sandwich , fries , and lemonade . i will be back .
1	i was looking for an unusual and unforgettable lunch experience while i 'm in nc for 36 hours ... this place is it ! fresh ingredients and incredible flavors ! ! the place is a little hole in the wall and the people are all about southern hospitality . my new favorite place in charlotte !
1	i went for the first time on a wednesday , got there about 1015 and was about eighth to open at 11 . everyone working was so nice , and the food was amazing . don 't miss the brisket ! i also love the jalapeño grits , even though grits are usually something i 'm into . got a pecan pie to go , which was phenomenal . can 't wait to take any visitors into town here .
1	jason & edwin have been our servers & have provided amazing service . the chopped salad before the dinner is a must . 1 salad is perfect to split between 2 people & if u ask they will put it on 2 plates for you . they have this special sauce to dip ur steak in that is drippings from another meat . you dont need to dip the steak in anything cause its so good but this sauce is too amazing . with salad , 2 steaks , wine its all around $ 100 . def not bad for amazing food , great service & atmosphere .
1	large portions , craft beers , and a wonderful staff ! great place to watch a game too . nice to have a place like this for us locals ! we will definitely be back
1	food was wonderful . mini muffins were delectable . bacon was an it undercooked as i like it crispy but everyone 's different . biscuits and gravy were amazing . scrambled eggs were good . coffee was good . maggie my waitress was very attentive and always made sure my coffee cup was full . will absolutely be coming back .
1	off menu items make an exciting , delicious and legit dine in experience !
1	small , charming space , lovely staff , huge portions and spectacular food .
1	the prices are excellent and the portions are huge ! i tried the half grilled chicken today for the first time . it 's my new favorite - ridiculously good !
1	the staff working were very welcoming and went out of their way to make my first visit a great one . the food was incredible . everything was seasoned perfectly and cooked on point . i would have eaten an entire second plate if i could . i will definitely be going back on a regular basis .
1	most go ! fresh farm to table , great service . appetizer : the beets -incredible , the sausage - homemade , incredible flavor . dinner : the rainbow trout - fresh and perfectly prepared .
1	mr mamas has the best breakfast and is cheap ! everyone is very friendly and recommend it to everyone !
1	must go ! service , locally sourced food , presentation , quality and overall yummy goodness-5 stars . what a gem !
1	the staff is always so sweet . we go there all the time and we will not stop any time soon .
1	my husband and i are from washington dc and we wanted a romantic resturant with delicious food . this place was definitely it .
1	my husband and i went , we had farm burgers , garlic fries , onion rings , a milk shake order the milk shake , and a fried banana split sandwich . the food was amazing , the vegetables were crisp and perfect . i would drive the hour from one side of town to the other for this place any night of the week it was phenomenal .
1	my new favorite place . i love the vibe i get from this place and i 've never tasted a better burger in my life ! this shits on bobbys burger palace ( still love you bobby ! )
1	my new wing place . the customer service is amazing and the food is well , heavenly . do yourself a favor . try the honey heaven sauce . trust me . thanks wing heaven for delicious food and great service .
1	amazing . name a liquor and they infuse it here in house and they are delicious . roasted pork is delicious , crab cakes are amazing and they have a great beet salad . the staff was extremely helpful and allowed us to try everything come here often .
1	i am a fan of blaze and tony ! ! they make you feel so welcomed , and comfortable , which is very important to me especially when they are the ones preparing your food ! i am a fan of the three some , and who 's your daddy ! they have fun creative names and it makes dinner become and experience .
1	no cork fee just bring your own bottle ! !
1	not much to add that other 's haven 't said . the tasting menu is expensive really god damn excellent in terms of getting a taste for the whole menu . also , more steakhouses should have an entire mushroom section of their menu .
1	one of the best filets i 've had in vegas ! the brussel sprout side was insane and the lobster mac n cheese was really good . the fillet alone was worth giving this restaurant 5 stars ...
1	best waffles best fried green tomatoes best fried chicken best lemonade i 've had ! ! everything was outstanding . well worth the wait !
1	our burgers were phenomenal , loved the atmosphere , the prices were reasonable , service fast ! we will be returning on our next trip for sure ! highly suggest the jalapeño poppers as an appetizer , comes with a little surprise !
1	outstanding food & great staff ! ! ! ! if you haven 't been yet , your missing out ! !
1	parmesan , mashed potato crusted fillet mignon was perfect . a must go !
1	pdq has brought the life back into chicken . first of all this place is incredibly clean , bright and vibrant . secondly , their food is prepared with high quality ingredients and speed . my food came out hot and fresh . this place knocks raising canes down to the basement . i say , go pdq , go !
1	would 10 / 10 recommend , we were there after a pool party so there was a long line but everything moved very quickly
1	we arrived early , got a bottle of wine and some appetizers from the bar next door and turned the wait into a party . can 't wait to go back and eat there again .
1	amazing food . prices are low and the people are the nicest i have ever experienced . i will definitely be here again . the attitudes of the workers are make you smile and feel welcome . the manager definitely gets 5 stars alone . such a wonderful environment .
1	i had amazing food when i was there . great service . if you 're looking for a fine dining experience and a great opportunity to take part in making lives better , give this place a try .
1	best breakfast place i 've been too in quite a while . i reckoned the bigfoot chicken fried steak if you are quite the eater !
1	best poutine you can get . highly recommended . thank you . : 3
1	excellent quality seafood at an affordable price . raw oysters were fantastic . shrimp boil bag was great but not spicy enough for me - will definitely try level 3 next time . cajun fries and hush puppies were delicious as well . fast , friendly and efficient service . we 'll be back again and again !
1	the breakfast was out of this world , hospitality was amazing as vanessa my waitress at the front area ( bar area ) was very conversational , super friendly , very quick and attentive . the food came out super quick and was cooked perfectly . get there early in the am as they get busy later . i highly recommend this place for regulars and for sure anyone visiting from out of town !
1	perfect for when you 're trying to stay healthy but not spend crazy money on downtown foods . the portions of the salads are huge i could hardly finish mine so it 's definitely worth the price ! only con is that if you get there at a busy time and want to eat in it can be hard to find a spot
1	really affordable , at $ 10 / combo . i can 't get over how amazing their french fries are ! the burgers are tasty and the staff is friendly .
1	the service is like no other . right when we walked in we all could feel the amazing energy and love that these family owners puts into there family recipes . we enjoyed the food , environment and most importantly the people . so excited to go back , we committed to returning back the next evening ! ! ! thank you . sapori ! ! !
1	especially here , it is healthy and yet delicious to enjoy all your favorite fishy food out there ! the moment you wait in land for this craving of yummy fishes , it quinces your thirst with mouth watering aroma smell ! go there and enjoy !
1	portion sizes are ridiculous ! my best friend & i shared the sage fried chicken .. we could 've shared it amongst another friend and still would 've been stuffed ! it was so delicious ! price point was so on point ! bang for your buck ! great service !
1	had the chicken pie with habanero crust & a vegetable pie with regular crust . wouldn 't change a thing . so much better than marie callenders . can 't wait to go back for more ! !
1	probably the best fish and chips i 've been to in vegas . if you 're in the are definitely stop by you won 't be disappointed .
1	real greeks cooking real greek food . i mean they even asked how i want my meat cooked ... never experienced that at a gyro joint . will be going back .. many more times .
1	the food is top notch . they take normal menu items and put a twist on it . the service has also been amazing every time . our waiter went over the menu and drink list with us and explained happy hour . while we were there there was also a small band which was very entertaining . i will be back again .
1	the food was to die for ( even eddie came to our table to check on everything - and made a special dessert for us - on the house , because it was a birthday dinner ) ! the staff was very knowledgable and told us the best wine pairings for each dish ! can 't wait to go back ! please try the filet and the tuna tar tar - best i 've ever had ! thank you eddie , for an amazing experience !
1	went here in 2013 for our anniversary and will be back this year for our anniversary dinner as well . this was by far the best ( although expensive ) meal i have ever had . the view is absolutely incredible and i definitely have some amazing pictures of the sunset and the strip at night . we are very much looking forward to going again soon ! food-5 stars view-5 stars service-4 stars
1	worth every penny . service was quick and precise seated immediatly with reservation .
1	black camel has been around for years and consistently serve good quality , tasty , reasonably priced food . although they primarily serve beef brisket and pulled pork sandwiches , they also have a coffee bar which i am yet to try , but smells excellent . the sandwiches here are always fresh , hot and delicious . the fillings are plentiful and the food arrives quickly . there is limited seating inside , but during the summer they have a patio out front which is very nice indeed . if you are in the area and want a reasonably-priced lunch or quick snack , this is the go-to place bar none .
1	the santa ctuz and skunny dipper are my favorites . the sanfwhiches are the right price , a large being 14 dollars but you get everything at a premiium and not a thin line of meat like the other guys . if you havent been here go now !
1	this place is unassuming because of the location . hidden away in the back of the plaza next to a smoke shop is not where you expect to find the best sandwich you 'll ever eat . not only is the food incredible , but it seems to be a family operated business and everyone working there is so nice and helpful ! for less money than you would spend on fast food , i definitely recommend checking out this hidden gem !
1	if your looking for a quick bite to eat i recommend this place
1	seriously the best fish and chips i 've ever had . got the halibut and a poutine . you will at first think it 's pricey , but for the quantity and quality of the food , i was glad to pay it . oh yeh , and their miss vickie batter ( they have two batters to choose from ) is amazing .
1	servers remember you ! always smiling . perfect happy hour . the habanero mango wings yuuumm .
1	i am never one to write a review but this place is pretty incredible ! owner came by and talked to us server was friendly and always kept are drinks full ! ! i got the steamed burger and it was really good ! if you have not been here you must go in ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1	i have eaten here on numerous occasions for lunch and have never been disappointed . the portions are huge so you never leave feeling hungry . i usually spend between $ 10- $ 11 and it 's worth it ! everyone there is helpful and if it is your first time let them know and they will help you out .
1	i love coming here for breakfast & lunch . they have a beautiful patio that you can watch the planes take off while you eat . the house made cheesecake is the die for literally melts in your mouth .
1	in addition the food was impeccable . he even added wood fired tomatoes to my salmon entree . delicious ! everyone was happy and running around giving great service . a great team ! thank you for such a great service after a horrible day .
1	the best chopped salad you will ever had . and i hear the manager plays a wicked bass .
1	the price for what you actually get is a bargain . i had the surf and turf with several kinds of seafood along with avery tasty big filet mignon . of course we had the table side salad which is always a treat . the blessing is that hugo 's is one of the few places that isn 't a la carte .
1	the employees were all so friendly and they would check on us while eating to see how we like everything they were all willing to let us know what they liked which is why i got the french toast because multiple employees said they loved them and they lived up to the expectations . we will absolutely be back to experiment the rest of the menu !
1	food was phenomenal . the manager don made sure we were well taken care of . our waitress claudia was so sweet . we truly enjoyed ourselves .
1	i really wish i could remember my servers name ( it 's been a few weeks ) because she was wonderful ! everyone loved their food and they made sure to bring out a cake for my bestfriend since we were celebrating her birthday . the oysters were the best part though so good !
1	husband baby and i went on veterans day so it was packed and they sat us right away and served us immediately . baby was acting up and we asked for the check , they were able to get us out the door quickly . all of the staff was super nice and great help . food was spot on !
1	absolutely amazing service our waiter susan was quick , and so thoughtful with our 3 boys
1	service , smile , and somm . who needs food and wine when you have gordon ?
1	the fellas here were super friendly and extremely accommodating . i raved lot about the amazing lunch burger they have to my friend , only for us to get there and discover it was not apart of the dinner menu . the manager told us it wasn 't a problem , he 'd make sure we got " the burger " as well as the truffle fries ( yes ! ) . we went on a friday night and they had live music which was also amazing and entertaining ! love this place and would definitely recommend it to anyone .
1	the food was delicious as well but the service was top notch . we we 're seated almost immediately on a saturday and our server rick gave my girlfriend and i the best service i 've ever had . rick really impressed my girlfriend and i and made us feel welcome . we had the express breakfast and we we 're blown away . everything was fresh and delicious . i love the venetian and look forward to returning . hopefully next time we are at grand lux rick will be our server !
1	service was good and quick . new favorite spot in arizona for brunch . so many food options and healthy breakfast for good prices . fluffy omelettes and fresh fruit / veggies . bloody mary 's are on point too . great atmosphere .. cute patio and interior design . definitely check it out if your in north scottsdale
1	service was great , and you get your own pitcher of water and coffee so that you don 't have to wait on refills . the shamrock eggs benedict was a 10 / 10 .
1	service was great ! restaurant has a comfy relaxed vibe . the food is phenomenal ! i got the oysters , clams and a black and bleu salad ... everything was delicious ! first time , but not my last !
1	and the food and the staff were superb ! we loved the entire mood that the restaurant has and the staff ( especially the maitre 'd ) were fantastic and very welcoming . i would actually list this place as part of any list of " must-see in montreal " based on how unique and wonderful it is . you won 't be disappointed - unless you 're one of those types that is always disappointed .... ! !
1	so happy that upscale dining has made its way to gilbert ! the octopus appetizer was amazing ! i had the fish and my boyfriend had the duck , incredible ! we will definitely be back !
1	some of the best italian food i 've ever had ! ! from start to finish service was amazing and the food was worth every part of the 5 stars . i would definitely come back here again and recommend it to friends
1	food was delicious , especially the beef wellington . our glasses were full the entire time . can 't wait to come back .
1	staff is always awesome ! great place to grab a pie with a friend .
1	linda and paul are the best , very personable , speedy and truly care about creating a great guest experience at " another chain " restaurant . they don 't have to put this much effort into their customer service but you can tell they truly care . the food was fresh , cane out quick and everything up to temp . the salad was cold ( unlike other restaurants that are room temp ) , the coconut shrimp out the fryer and fresh . the the salmon new orleans was a huge portion ! linda and paul are the best and if you visit this place you must request them !
1	started with the deviled eggs . highly recommend . we had the fried white fish and bouillabaisse fantastic
1	absolutely amazing steak wrap ... big portions fresh veggies and sauce is to die for ..
1	stopped by this past weekend , and received the most incredible customer service from the girl that was working there . found that the menu had everything we wanted and the employee that helped us brought our food out and even engaged in conversation about her favorite sauces and menu favorites . the food was incredible . tasted fresh and delicious ! i love my burgers and this business is top notch ! highly recommend this restaurant for food or just to hang out in the cool , open and breezy atmosphere they provide !
1	such a classy and comfortable vibe , and for a steak house the prices aren 't bad ! especially thanks to our amazing and humorous waiter mo !
1	i loved the donut machine , the meat lovers omelet , and the waffle ! i also enjoyed the shrimp , mac n cheese , and fruit ( yup , you 're going to want to come hungry ! ) the service is great ( who knew you could have such good service at a buffet ? ! ) , and the building is striking . highly recommended , especially if you 're a tourist .
1	that is all i can say . incredibly good food , it will make you full and you will leave satisfied by how natural everything looks and tastes . it has a very european touch , which i highly enjoyed . serbian / croatian / bosnian cuisine is amazing . the price is also very good , ~ 120 altogether with tip for 4 people . 10 / 10 would recommend the gurmanska pljeskavica .
1	the ambiance is perfect -- great seating , music at the right volume to be noticeable but not impede conversation , and all the staff are friendly and knowledgeable without being pushy . we came the first week they were open , and would never have known it . we had a couple of the signature cocktails that were just wonderful -- not too sweet , but complex and utterly drinkable . we had three of the small plates . the tuna tartare was stunning . more complex and more flavors with every bite . the seasonal mushrooms were lovely . but the star was the pigs ear pad thai . absolutely unbelievable . can 't recommend highly enough .
1	they had beef brisket with an amazing smoke ring pulled pork that was just tender as can be the biggest beef ribs ever and by far the most absolutely delicious fall off the bone pork ribs i 've ever had in my entire life absolutely amazing i will be back for more .
1	the best food i 've had in a long time . excellent service . cool atmosphere . a must-go for locals and visitors alike .
1	the best shrimp and crawfish i have ever had . watch out for the extra spicy .
1	the blt bloody mary was yummmo ! ! the serving sizes are massive and delicious ! i had the andys sage fried chicken and hubby had the pancake and this mocha coffee omggggg ! ! ! loved every bite !
1	the cookie cup with the toasted mallow go perfectly together with their ice cream .
1	the cuban sandwich was heavenly and the kelsey was a doll ! we were at oro brewery next door and ordered sandwiches , lime soda and the home made chips ! everything was wonderful and service was fantastic !
1	the environment was awesome , but i also love live music . it was a little loud ( kind of hard to hear the person sitting next to me ) , but we didn 't mind . the red sangria was super good , and the service was phenomenal . coleman checked on us multiple times and made sure our visit was great . there was an extra order of the pretzel bread and cheese floating around , so another waiter brought it to us for free , and that was super nice . i had the thai chicken wings . they were amazing . i would definitely return !
1	the food and the service were excellent ! my boyfriend and i both had the filet mignon and they were cooked perfectly . the ambiance and the service were incredible ! they went above and beyond and even folded my napkin while i went to the restroom . they really pay attention to detail here and i really enjoyed the experience !
1	the food is incredible , service is impeccable . pricey but so well worth it . the ribs done dons way we 're amazing . the cole slaw was awesome . especially the deli style . i promise you won 't have a bad meal here . it 's that good . plus the memorabilia is so fun to look at . enjoy this place is outstanding ...
1	the food was delicious . a great family friendly atmosphere where you can still enjoy a beer with your meal . not only was the food great but the service was some of the best i 've experienced in a long time . as a visitor from kansas city i would recommend this place to anyone visiting peoria or the phoenix area . p.s. go royals ! ! !
1	the food was fabulous . no complaints here . i had the tats sandwich with the yummus side . flavorful . fresh . delicious
1	the fried chicken with its honey sauce was perfectly cooked and so crisp . the fried pickles were mouthwatering . honestly the best chicken i 've ever had , and their in house made soda was tasty as well
1	the goat dishes melt in your mouth and the buffet looks awesome . the real deal .
1	the italian restaurant in the golden nugget has been my favorite for a long time and usually i think no place compares . i have now found a new favorite ! don 't let this place fool you . it may be small but the food is so amazing ! you won 't be disappointed . the service was also great . the staff was very attentive and friendly . we will be going back regularly .
1	this is a place i will frequent , unique and tasty ...
1	the mac and cheese exceeded our expectations and the pork belly blew us away . we want to come back just to have that again . the atmosphere is great ( especially the music ) and it really feels like you 're eating at someone 's home . it 's family owned and the staff takes great pride in providing an excellent experience overall .
1	the menu offers a wide variety of great tasting food . in our party of 5 we all ordered something different and each and everyone of us was blown away by the taste , freshness and size of it all ! this is a place that you need to come back time and time again to get the full experience . not to mention the friendliness of the staff and the quickness in which the food was prepared . along with the food they also have a wide variety of beer to perfectly pair with your meal ( and they don 't silently judge you for getting a beer with your early lunch ! ) .
1	the place was busy but we were still seated right away . we didn 't have to wait at all for our food . our banana nut muffins were so fresh they were still warm . we all got different things off of the menu and liked everything we had . lisa was our waitress- she was very friendly , and very efficient . we will definitely stop here again when we visit vegas !
1	the pulled pork is mouth watering goodness . the brisket is de-lish and the hot links are extremely hot and yummy . we will definitely be back ! ! ! * * * * the best bbq in vegas * * * *
1	there is a sign in the front that says " worlds best cheese steaks . " i wouldnt say world but this is the best philly cheese steaks in the state of arizona . prices on food is fair staff is super friendly place needs to upgrade great place with great food
1	the restaurant is over 50 years old and gives you a feeling of stepping into someone 's living room . in fact , the owner herself dines there every night ! coq au vin was pure perfection ! the desserts were heavenly . the place is cozy , light are dim and the mood is very romantic . you won 't believe you are in montreal !
1	the service is top notch . and the food is 5 stars . order your food exactly to the recommended temperatures for the best taste . everything is cooked to perfection and just melts in your mouth . im looking forward to coming back .
1	the service was kind of slow , but the food quality and the atmosphere will have us coming back . i highly recommend eating here . the deserts were amazing too !
1	the service was spectacular . our waiter was kind , attentive , and very helpful . the food was incredible . i came with a large sized group and not one person was disappointed in their meals . recommendations : -french toast ( best french toast i have ever had ) -baked cheese d 'oeuvre - quiche lorraine -mushroom , leek , spinach quiche - eggs benedict
1	the spaghetti and meatballs and chicken parm were the best i have ever had ! the nutella cake was chocolate heaven ! !
1	the steak ( ordered medium ) was seasoned well and juicy . the calamari was lightly salted but not bland . creole sauce that came with it was superb . the lobster linguine ? divine . lobster poutine was great . flavors blended really well together . staff was polite , friendly , and quick . no regrets & i would definitely come back .
1	the view is to die for . right under camelback mountain . we sat on the patio and it was just relaxing and beautiful . the service was also top of the line . our server was very attentive and the staff helped with clearing out table and refilling water . the whole team worked together so we had an amazing experience ! the food also was great ! ! ! i had the cobb salad . it was fresh and i loved the dressing . my friend had soup of the day and the cesar salad . i will be back . it 's a great place to dine !
1	they have like 20 different sauces to choose from . i got the ohana and it was delicious . it 's not very often i want to try everything on the menu but i do here . great menu appeal ! you can tell the owners jerry and sandra take extreme pride in what they do and it shows .
1	this is not an upscale place but it 's just perfect for a hearty lunch that won 't break the bank . i ordered their veggie mozzarella panini sandwich which came with a lovely chickpea salad . i am usually not the type to finish my entire meal but after a horrible lunch at some upscale hotel down the street , i finished the entire sandwich and salad ( and that is after already " having lunch " ) this is not a tourist trap and you will get your money 's worth . it 's clean and healthy and affordable .
1	this place rocks ! ! ! i love getting the 3 little pigs- 3 different sliders : brisket , pork and beef . that way i get a little bit of everything . all their different barbecue sauces are incredible too . i especially like the habanero , north carolina and the xxx varieties . and the shoestring fries ? they are so additive ! the service is top notch and drink refills are always prompt . this is the beat bbq i 've had in a long time and who 'd have guessed i 'd find it in a gas station ? ?
1	this restaurant is so delicious for celiacs and non-celiacs alike . i am from out of town and went twice in one weekend because it was so tasty . the service was fabulous and they had an amazing patio . best gluten free food i have ever had at a restaurant , especially for brunch .
1	took my girlfriend for valentine 's day and it was both of our first time going . can 't find one bad to say . we 'll definitely be back soon !
1	my friend had the breakfast poutine and was in love with it ! is a little pricey but absolutely worth it ! i had a spin on a grilled cheese , absolutely mouth watering. lastly my friend and i tried a crepe which was huge and amazing for dessert !
1	very rarely will a meal render me speechless . i truly appreciated the uniqueness and overall quality off the food , not to mention the creative plating . the mashed potatoes were by far the best i 've ever eaten . the prices are very reasonable as well . this is truly a gem of las vegas . fine dining brought to a tavern with a very eclectic menu . safe to say after one meal that i will be a regular . chef carlos you rock !
1	we are here our first night and subsequently returned three more times ! the fried chicken is insane ... shrimp and grits deliciously melts in your mouth . cowboy steak is off the hook and short ribs just fell apart . kale salad was hearty and full of flavor . don 't even think about skipping dessert ... the bread pudding is absolutely the most delicious thing in this planet ! oh my god ! ! sarah that manager is terrific and really know hospitality ! tom and rome were wonderful waiters , attentive and friendly . do not miss this restaurant . it is really delicious and welcoming .
1	we both had chicken gyros . they were delicious and i appreciate the extra sauce . the fries were amazing my wife said " i think these might be the best fries i 've ever had in my life . " we 're a little snobby about food but this place is incredible . i 'll be back ! and great customer service .
1	we came on a busy saturday morning , yet our party of 7 was sat outside ( what we preferred ) in just minutes . the service was top notch , and the food delicious . not to mention the presentation was great . it 's a short walk from the bellagio , just an additional perk . i highly recommend it
1	we have eaten here many times in the last few months . the service is wonderful and the food is delicious . we live about 45 minutes away and it is definitely worth the drive .
1	we love to explore new places and i had a coupon from restaurants.com. it always takes us to new places we may have never found . i can not say enough about this place ! ! a hidden jem in phx . ! the food is off the chart and interesting ! service phenomenal ! atmosphere amazing ! ! it was the best food that i have had in a long time ! ! ! new favorite spot ! ! the only drawback is that the normal dinner menu is a little pricey ... but it should be ... so i can not go as often as i would like ... but plan on being a regular . staff and owner are exceptional ! ! !
1	went to celebrate my birthday . the staff was funny and helpful , even called us a cab for the ride home . food was fantastic , i recommend the whiskey buffalo wings and the hanger steak . would definitely go again ( already planing our next night out ! )
1	went with a large group , very accommodating staff , fast , and friendly service . portions were huge ! everything was delicious , pumpkin bread , pancakes , deep fried zucchini , and omelets had by alll , and not one complaint !
1	we ordered this catering for our wedding reception and it was all the rage ! ! their macaroni and cheese was to die for and the brisket was insanely good ! ! it was definitely the hit of the event and i 'm not even mad about it !
1	we were 3 guys . i went with 2 other guys and they are both real foodies . we all said that it might have been top 3 meal of all time . no one had anything slightly bad to say . we ordered like champions . we shared 4 appetizers , 2 mains , and 2 desserts . the duck carpaccio was impeccable ! duck in a can was an experience and it was well worth it . it is really a treat to dine at a restaurant like pdc .
1	we were on the fence wether to go to flying biscuit which is just across the street . to our surprise bedder bedder & more has exceeded our expectation . we had the breakfast bowl which comes with a sausage gravy and a biscuit . i asked for a few modifications to accommodate my gluten free needs and there was no problemo . we will definitely be returning for breakfast / brunch .
1	will recommend it to anyone ! make sure you get the meatballs . also the cheese platter is excellent for a light appetizer . also , their sunday brunch is to die for ! all you can eat , but make sure you order the french toast , it 's not on the buffet but is included in the price . you will never find another french toast this delicious .
1	the honey hot were the best i 've ever had . they have a simple menu and having a drive thru option which means i 'll definitely be visiting again soon . don 't let the area or the appearance fool you !
1	wonderful service and even better food . was lucky enough to sample a little of everything on the menu . the ambiance and hospitality is so warm and welcoming .
1	worth leaving the strip for . milkshakes are some of the best i ever had . that alone is worth the trip
1	one of my favorite places to eat out at ; family owned and run with great food and though small , very friendly atmosphere . my family & i have been eating there since they opened & it has always been consistent with large helpings & everything cooked to perfection ! very clean & profesional , the gyro salad is so good & refreshing in this desert heat .
1	one of my favorites , family owned and run with great food and though small , very friendly atmosphere . lamb shank is superb as is pistachio . desserts fantastic . just tried new one i highly recommend , numoorah ! try it !
1	this is not only the best dining experience it has an excellent view of cleveland shoreline . the food is outstanding and the service is fantastic ! ! if you are looking for a 1st class dining experience , pier w is your place. mfj
1	place made us feel at home , rustic and charming . servers were the french version of the brooklyn servers for brunch . a nice flare of french feel while enjoying this house specialty . my son had a corn dog , batter made in house and not from a frozen bag . nice ! a great spot to visit while visiting montreal from nyc .
1	katie was awesome ! great service and great food . we got the 4 course meal . great cheese , salad and the classic meats . everything was fresh ! ! ! we would definitely go back for our next anniversary . plan on a couple hours , because they serve you in course a little bit at a time . dessert was great too ! ! ! !
1	it was so delicious . the place was busy when we walked in and we were told to wait 10 minutes but got seated in less then that . our waitress was super sweet and the food was great and inexpensive . the portions are massive so come on an empty stomach . i would suggest this place to all my friends . it 's a cheap uber from the strip !
1	it was my first trip to toronto and i can assume you i will return here when i return . tried my first cesear and it was absolutely delicious . i really enjoyed the bacon mixtures rib . the food was even more to rave about . the seasoning on the potatoes was every bit of savory . was really happy when the server gave us some on the way out . the meat was tender and i cannot really remember the rest because i was so blown away .
1	filled with cute coca cola memorabilia . we loved the bacon , extra crispy hash browns ( ask for it ) and a huge and tasty chicken fried steak with gravy .
1	everything i have tried here , has been amazing . the quality is high , the presentation is artistic , and the portions are just right . on top of everything , their lattes are super yum ! so far , the blackened chicken sandwich has easily made it to my all-time-favourite-dishes list , although i have a while to go before i have tried everything off of the menu . if you are in oakville , and you want to pamper your taste buds , this is the place to do it .
1	i went here with a friend and had some truly outstanding cuisine . highlights ( current ) are the watermelon soup , the veal tartare , and the arctic char dish . fantastic service , flavorful and inventive french cuisine , and a great wine selection . really can 't ask for much more !
1	jaime , server extraordinaire , and dean , best bar manager in vegas . they remembered us from our feb visit and took such good care of us today ! everything was so delish ! this place is so legit : the staff are fabulous , service great , food delectable and drinks delicious . foodwise , do yourself a solid and get the huevos rancheros or the short rib scramble - the chefs do things with that cut that are so good they might be illegal . but it 's okay , since what happens in vegas , stays in vegas ....
1	almond milk latte with the most fabulous avocado toast i 've ever had ! ! !
1	best breakfast ever actually recommended to us by a homeless man who said they have fed him from time to time even let him work for food a few times . these are great people serving amazing food ! btw the one in the phx airport has the most amazing bloody mary ... must try ! ! !
1	tons of vegetarian and vegan options ( all labeled such ) for building a plate , pita sandwich or bowl . way too many things to list , but i chose a bowl with rice , 1 veggie , 1 hummus , and falafal served with a side of pita . owner is great if you 're a first timer walking you through the options and makes great suggestions . highly recommend for lunch or dinner - seriously - go here !
1	i even brought home a souvenir , an autographed menu from chef morimoto .
1	the food was delectable , the portions were huge and our server mary was fantastic ! we will definitely be back ! : )
1	from the attentive service , tasty drinks , fresh seafood to the butter cake for dessert , everything was really good . swordfish perfectly done . salmon was delicious also . will definitely go back . worth the cost .
1	loved the items on the menu ( item names are especially fun ) , plenty of options for seating ( patio , bar / booths with tvs in view , normal seating ) . a very good time . busy - but that 's what should be expected of really good restaurants . will definitely return .
1	great service and cute and cozy atmosphere . we always take our out of town visitors here to eat ! ! !
1	food is fantastic and service matches ! our second time here and will for sure be back many more times . don 't miss this place !
1	had the hangover burger and it was ridiculous but so good . and a fantastic homemade ceaser salad . best part though is the great staff . can 't wait to go back again !
1	absolutely awesome , great food , was hot , looked good , margaritas awesome , i took the family in the afternoon for lunch , waitress was nice , all in all wonderful experience , katherine was knowledable and awesome thank you for all your hard work .
1	great service and amazing food . i loved their green beans and fries .
1	great service . very friendly and comfortable . very clean . crab cakes benedict were perfect . crab cake stood up to the hollandaise and egg without turning mushy , and you could taste the crab . need one if these in ahwatukee !
1	had the ribs .... fall off the bone fantastic ! ! my husband had the brisket sandwich . .. he thought it was very good . we will be back .
1	handled our large group with ease . food came out steaming hot and fresh . all orders were taken in a quick manner and accurately . loved that our orders were hand delivered by the owner . he personally made our experience worth it . must try when you come to madison .
1	had a fabulous new years eve dinner loved the food the atmosphere this is my come to restaurant now . the same bartender that was at the henderson one was here he even remembered us l didnt catch his name but he sure is personable . had a pizza from there last night it was superb . i am having a house warming party l am going to have them make the food for me .
1	love the vintage cleveland-area post cards , posters , signs and all things ohio . really great atmosphere . huge draft selection . huge selection of grilled cheese and you can literally build a sandwich with almost any ingredient you can think of . this place is legit .
1	nice ambience , excellent customer service and the food is delicious . you need to try it . so if you visit las vegas or you are local you must have breakfast or brunch here ! you will love it !
1	soda selection is massive and simply delicious hand crafted food . you gotta eat here !
1	in town on business and decided to give this place a shot . it 's a little hole in the wall . nothing fancy , but the food was great . next time i 'm in town i 'll definitely be back .
1	great service , great ambiance , and delicious food ! so many choices on the menu and everything is fantastic ! new favorite restaurant ! ! ! !
1	i loved everything but i got my fried okra fix and was very happy . keep up the great work ! !
1	the owners were awesome ! the food .... amazing . if you love bacon and / or mac and cheese you need to come here . magnolia is the owners name and she served my dad and i. we were floored by everything we tried and even ordered stuff to take home . very casual and welcoming vibe . even if you aren 't close make sure to try and stop by ! wish i could give them more stars .
1	was in vegas recently for a little weekend getaway and made reservations here from all the excellent reviews and all i can say is everyone is right . the food was excellent the service was great and the ambiance was exactly what you expect in a steak house in this price range .
1	we are from out of town and wanted to eat at a local breakfast place that we don 't have back home . we could have waited about 10 minutes for a table but the counter is first come first serve so we sat there . our server recommended french toast over the pancakes and i 'm so glad she suggested it ! it was great ! the portions are huge for the money . i ordered the special which was two huge pieces of french toast and sausage / bacon . my fiancé had the lumberjack stacks which was pancakes , eggs , a biscuit , and sausage / bacon . all of the food was great ! i highly recommend this place !
1	we have been coming here consistently for about a year and a half . we love this place ! not only is their food always on point , the service is exceptional ! the wings are some of the best in town . the pizza is wonderful as is everything we have had on the menu . the main reason we come back is because of our server , maizy . when we walk through the door , we are greeted with a smile and immediately she brings over kid cups with lids to start our dining experience . it 's nice to be treated like family here !
1	we were seated quickly . i ordered fried chicken with fried okra & peaches . my daughter ordered chicken & dumplings with fried apple ( tasted like a mini apple pie yum ) & cottage cheese . meals came with corn bread & rolls . everything tasted fantastic . the server checked back frequently & kept our drinks full . i wish i lived here to come more often but my daughter said she will be bringing her husband here . definitely a place to try - you won 't be sorry .
1	what a neat experience . so many beautiful butterflies ! i 've never seen anything like it . highly recommend it ! whether you have kids or not , you should go !
1	worth the darive . the mushroom is fantastic with the truffle aiole .
1	we went for late lunch and risotto and the salmon were world class . great atmosphere amd great service as well .
1	staff is very friendly , and let me eat without a reservation . i had the mussels as a starter , they were very good . for my main , i had the sea bass which was perfectly cooked , and came with asparagus and potatoes . would recommend to anyone seeking out a fabulous meal !
1	we are in town for a conference and were looking for something simple but not a wendy 's or kfc . pulled in and saw the chicken being cooked outside on the grill and we were sold . we had both the chicken and ribs , salad and garlic potatoes . all were wonderful , lots of flavor , crispy grilled crust on the ribs but still soft on the inside . the chicken was perfect , not over done . the salad was fresh and brightly colored . also just as important , the restrooms were very clean . we will definitely be back before we leave . you need to go , like right now .
1	our server , kevin , was very knowledgable and friendly . the food journey was delightful and although we were there 3 hours , the entire evening was perfect and dishes were well timed . it was truly a night to remember !
1	absolutely awsome ... kimmie and the team was perfect ... the food was the best in town .... very friendly atmosphere and playing football was very cool ... they also have breakfast all day which my wife got the chillaquilles and i got the nachos supreme .... one of the best foods ive ate on my trip here ... thank you kimmie
1	cajun shrimp fettuccine bomb ! rouge burger and fries , bomb ! oh and we had the pretzels with munster cheese sprinkled with chareeso , also bomb ! when we went it wasn 't to busy and our server austin knew his stuff great server . almost forgot , the lemon cheesecake is amazing . bottom line ... great food , and great service. well be back soon to try more .
1	we were seated overlooking the pool and the weather was so perfect we didn 't realize we were outside at first . the food was excellent and the dessert was stunning and tasted wonderful . the chocolate dessert was a beautiful potted plant with edible flowers . it went so fast i couldn 't get a picture .
1	have been there for lunch three times and love the food + ambiance . a few things to consider ordering = bread & spreads , lamb pasta , tuna loin and milk pudding desert . the staff are lovely and knowledgeable ( ask them for recommendations ) . will definitely be back for dinner and to try more of the menu . one of the best restaurants in the area ! and the museum is a must see .
1	the food is great and i would definitely recommend to a friend .
1	high ceilings with classy decorations , with some old school french music playing in the mix . loved it ! our bartender " jonathan " made a killer martini and was super friendly ! our table by the window was perfect and intimate . our waitress and host " catherine " was professional , present , and carried a warm sense of humor . we decided to order the tasting menu , with a addition of a butter poached lobster with beurre blanc . the entire two hours of tasting were seamless delicious food and superb service from the entire staff ! definitely an experience to share with someone special !
1	amazing craft cocktails ! my favorite so far with a house-made pistachio syrup . a huge wine selection , good food and great homemade cheesecake . 24 hour applewood smoked slab bacon with an apple-fennel slaw : a truly satisfying elevated southern cuisine restaurant . they do prime steak and seafood equally well here . can 't go wrong with the veal chop or halibut and has a plethora of sides to choose from .
1	menu was creative and featured many locally sourced ingredients . we had our easter brunch / lunch at fahrenheit and were pleased with our meals ( see pics ) . i will say the only thing i would throw a " caution flag " on was the price . it was quite expensive to say the least , particularly for lunch . it was 80 bucks for 2 entrees ( one of which was a salad with salmon ) , 1 coffee and 1 mimosa . just know this before going to avoid sticker shock . other than that , fantastic service , delicious food and a nice ambiance . oh , and did i say beautiful view ? ? ?
1	$ 16 bottomless mimosas and phenomenal short rib grilled cheese and outrageous awesome service from our server jesse ! he made our day can 't wait to go back ! lovely lady manager stopped by and everyone was such a good sport as my girlfriend and i were celebrating a wonderful brunch ! well done team ! see you soon !
1	only bad thing is , that it is so good , it is always crowded !
1	i normally put splenda in my coffee , but not this . you can actually taste the flavor of coffee , no need for additives . this is what coffee should taste like ! ! ! simply amazing ! great service and staff ! make sure you ask for cedric .
1	staff was amazing and so kind . yal should give the night crew a raise tho .. haha definitely coming back for seconds and thirds and more : )
1	perfect hand cut , fresh food ... not mass produced . coffee was good , food perfect , pricing just right ! take the whole family . very friendly staff . this is our new sunday go-to for breakfast and / or lunch !
1	absolutely best food in service ever highly recommend the steak was just the way i like it medium rare waitstaff was over the top the restaurant is brand-new and very well-designed
1	honest good food with a flair that is different than you can imagine . mac and cheese with chili and onions a + and truly perfect . service was great . kind and friendly . two ladies worked well together . my wife had french toast house special . unbelievable taste and texture . what a find . also chef and owner customized my chicken sandwich to perfection . home town love .
1	my husband and i got the gyro and chicken plate . very delicious !
1	i 've been here numerous times and they never let us down . it 's a small place with an old tavern feel . the bar seats maybe 20 , there 's also limited table seating ... either option gets busy for dinner . bar selection is average nothing really stands out here , the burgers are definitely the highlight . give this place a try if you haven 't yet ... its our go to for burgers !
1	came here for lunch on a saturday . enjoyed a pitcher of their white sangria . a must have . i ordered the howie burger . it was good . my friend got the wood fired rotisserie chicken which was incredible . i would recommend getting that instead .
1	forget ruth chris .. come here ! ! don 't be fooled by the exterior . it is really vintage inside . this is my " go to " restaurant for special occasions .
1	very much worth the wait but don 't tell anybody ! reminds me of what the great , classy buffets of vegas from the past , but even better . very impressive .
1	scott is an amazing manager and this business truly has a business model that all businesses should take after ! i 've eaten many different food items from here and have loved each bite ! excellent , healthy ingredients and excellent cooks !
1	seafood was as fresh as it comes , the posters were succulent & sweet !
1	this place has live music during hh and their hh menu is delicious along with their restaurant as well .
1	i went here for a summerlicious dinner and was pleasantly surprised . we chose the hen terrine and the crab dish as our appetizer , alberta strip loin and prairie lamb for our main , and apricot mousse and berry tart for dessert . everything was beautifully plated and tasted delicious . most of the dishes were lightly seasoned so you really taste the quality of ingredients being used . i finally understand what canadian food is . i really enjoyed the complementary bread as well . service was fast and professional .
1	our waiter was great his name was ian ( he looked exactly like billy campbell ) . i would recommend doing a reservation between 6 : 30 and 7 : 00 that seemed to have been the perfect time . we ordered the bass and pork tenderloin and both were amazing . also had the goat cheese potatoes as our side ( ian let us substitute ) and a side order of the gnocchi ( which i 'm still drooling over ) . then for dessert we had this amazing cinnamon pudding sponge cake with ice cream and it was delicious ! i will definitely be back and would definitely recommend this restaurant !
1	by far the best i 've had . very generous portion and extremely nice owners . their biggest issue is the place looks old and rough , but definitely don 't judge a book by it 's cover !
1	the baked good are delicious and i find myself craving the food quite often . the prices are from $ 0.50- $ 3 , you can get many pastries for less than $ 10 . the chicken teriyaki in a bun is my favourite and it 's $ 2 . i always get like 3 , one is filling enough though .
1	there are a few must tries : lion roll amigo roll caterpillar roll what the heck roll house salad and calamari compliment each other well . enjoy !
1	the servers are so friendly and the food was delicious . highly recommend you to come . come prepared to wait to eat cause it 's busy . well worth the wait !
1	they deliver absolutely free as long as you 're in range and the food is amazing every time . the wonton soup and singapore noodles are my go to , as well as the basil noodles !
1	they fed us a feast ! everything was fantastically delicious and treated us like family ! ! ! thank you ! ! ! !
1	this is my place to stop anytime i 'm in town . it 's boarder line addictive at best . the show , food quality , quantity and environment is perfect whether dinning alone or with others . i 've tried most of the menu and not disappointed once . friendly staff ! ! i wish to rank them lower for the wait sometimes but it 's so worth it ! ! !
1	worth every penny ... reasonable price . amazing fresh sushi / sashimi in vegas for sure !
1	this place is so fresh and delicious and friendly . we tied 4 dishes all of which were perfect . get their suggestions since they are very helpful .
1	try the cucumbers with roasted almonds , pork bun is incredible and ginger noodles . this is the best restaurant in las vegas . sit at the bar and watch the kitchen to do their work .
1	venny was a phenomenal waitress and everything was so fresh ! ! the lobster roll was everything i expected and more ! ! tons of lobster ! ! forrest and sunny were awesome sushi chefs and will give you the freshest sushi in town ! ! this was my first visit here and i will definitely be back again ! ! definitely recommended ! a + + + +
1	fresh , clean ingredients . complex flavors . nice staff . reasonably priced .
1	visited here twice now . i 'm a pilot based out of st. louis , and i can officially say this is some of the best sushi i have ever found . i recommend the freshwater eel ! for those of you worried about having to pay for parking ... parking is available under the palazzio and is free ! enjoy .
1	we just ordered take out and it was delicious ( + was very well packed ) ... cannot imagine what its like to dine in : ) we ordered the yelp highlighted classics : khao soi ( wow ! ) , pad thai and pad grao ( spelling ? ) . love it and will be back many times ... one of the best thai restaurants in toronto ! !
1	we love the food here . the sushi is fresh . i can 't say enough about how great the service was . our favorites were the jessica albacore , garlic was yellow tail and tuna carpaccio . the ayce was well worth it ! ! for dessert we have the tempura ice cream and tempura cheese cake . i could live off the cheesecake . if you are looking for a good sushi spot , this is the only place i would recommended . steve and kris ware awesome ! ! ! they made great recommendations and made the meal entertaining and delicious
1	their rolls are delicious my favorites were the sushi twister the ninja and the cowgirl i can 't wait to go back again it is definitely my new favorite place to eat ayce sushi .
1	you have to try it ! such a wonderful atmosphere and equally perfect food . we wandered onto this place during our trip to montreal . so happy we stopped in . we started off with the wing appetizer - very unique and tasty - the sauce was covered with a bit of crispy panko . this was followed by beef broth soup with wontons . we ordered some kimchee on the side and some delicious bibimbap . my companion ordered the salmon , also wonderful . i also had this amazing local cider - perfect and not too sweet - called fût sec soma . best restaurant went to in montreal .
1	the food is good , pricing is reasonable . i don 't see why people say its expensive is the same price as any other buffet . definitely recommend this place
1	it 's all about everything on the menu ! ! ! crab and shark fin soup , orange chicken , bbq pork , veggie spring rolls and it 's all vegan and faux meat ! ! ! it 's , in my onion , the best vegan spot in town !
1	everything from the ambience of the restaurant to the food is superbly done , and i can 't say enough great things about this place . i would highly recommend the uni udon , and oxtail fried rice . the broth of the uni udon is to die for ! the food is bursting with unique flavors that you can 't find anywhere else in vegas . the service is also really great . the servers were knowledgeable of the dishes , and the owner made sure everyone was being well taken care of .
1	chef michael is an artiste and his work will blow you away . our waiter , mathew , has been attentive , informative and extremely pleasant . you have to try the beef and fried rice ! omg . redo for sure ! !
1	everything on the menu is so deliciously good , the staff is friendly , this is vegetarian friendly as well ! we go here every time we go to vegas !
1	we went here for a birthday , and got the tasting menu . there were 8 courses of incredibly detailed sushi plates , including huge amounts of real wasabi , and truffles . this was the best meal of my life .
1	great flavor . tremendous portions . fast service top notch quality product . yea , the exterior maybe less than desirable , but the hearts on the inside are the character of the food that is being delivered table side . i spent a month in thailand , and this is as good as the motherland . i live in las vegas and would day trip here just to visit this place again .
1	japanese food only ! this is not a big store , but i can find almost 90 % things i need to cook . i love their frozen fishes , variety choice at a reasonable price . i love their frozen tofu stuffs and frozen fish balls . i put these for my homemade hot pot . they also have some vegetables and snacks . they are at westinghouse in pineville , i just drive 5 more minutes after i take exit 65b .
1	best sushi in pittsburgh ! i come here every year when i come on by for anthrocon !
1	i 've been a regular for a few years and love that they actually use szechuan peppers . the twice-cooked fish is a must , but everything on their menu is well-curated , reasonably priced and delicious . the pork belly burger , sweet and spicy eggplant , cumin beef and the pepper cabbage are all also favourites . well worth checking out , you won 't be disappointed ! !
1	this was my 7 year olds first experience at a hibachi grill and our chef eddie " murphy " made her smile ear to ear from start to finish . thank you ohjah !
1	i would highly suggest their pad thai . for late night snacking , they wheel out a small cart to serve on the sidewalk . a must after drinking . hands down some of the best pad thai i 've had outside of thailand .
1	our waitress was really nice and helpful . everything was serve pretty quick but in order . seafood is a high quality . we loved this place ! thank you so much for our experience ! !
1	fresh , tasty , fun ! my son recommended we get lunch to go from here . i thought , sushi to go , yuck . but i was wrong ! we ordered 2 bowls and 2 rolls . we sat at a park table enjoying every bite and he had enough left over for dinner ! the young lady running the register today ... wonderful and patient ! my only complaint was i felt a bit rushed not ever being there before and not how to order but that was mostly because of the pressure of the line behind me ... next time i 'll see if i can find a menu online ahead of time : )
1	good hot food . general tso 's is top notch . definitely worth visiting . great lunch stop
1	absolutely awesome , great service , friendly , fast and the best sushi and seaweed salad ever .
1	if the food isn 't authentic enough , and if they can make it , they 'll let you order off the menu ! one of the best places i have found in the lake norman area for asian food .
1	met the owner he was great . the food was delicious ! its a small place so i can picture it getting crowded really quick on a busy lunch . but overall the store was clean , the staff was friendly and funny . my fiance and his dad went back 2 days later and the guy remembered them and their order ! they had only been open 10 days as of saturday and seems to be off to a good start . kinda tucked away and not many signs on the street to them . so if you know where kohl 's is at 53rd and bell they are in the same parking on the east end . we will be back thanks guys : )
1	nice people and cook your food to your liking . and the food is very tasty , the bulgogi is my favorite next to the spicy pork . there 's 3 all you can eat options . the best is the 20 dollar option , thanks to korean garden ! we will be back .
1	huge portion for only $ 11.50 and it comes with free miso soup if you dine in . they have an awesome toppings list ! and the ability to get 2 free sides is huge . free avocado ? ! ? ! clean and the staff were welcoming and friendly . this place is a winner for sure . keep the positive reviews coming so they stay open !
1	best in las vegas ! wait staff not 100 % great in customer service ... sometimes language barrier . little pricey ... no ayce , but they know ppl will pay extra for their rolls cause they are that good !
1	pretty quiet atmosphere and the owner is a nice lady . she makes sure that your happy with the sushi and always talks you up for a bit . the sushi is made great ! they have a perfect versions of sushi and they all have a unique taste . it 's my favorite sushi place in town .
1	the pork mushroom noodle is my new favorite dish in las vegas . unreal flavors that explode on the palate . yes , they have the usual american items , but the real magic is the lan zhou noodles and the authentic potstickers and won tons ( not the frozen pre-made food service stuff that most restaurants serve ) . truly awesome and prices are cheap ! we ordered 2 entrees and 2 appetizers and our bill was $ 25 before tip .
1	this is one of my regular places . always consistently good with friendly , smiling staff . family owned and run , one cannot ask for a more friendly place with outstanding food . i have been frequenting saigon nites on a regular basis for at least two years and have never been disappointed with the food or the service . and it is consistent regardless of the day of the week or the time of day . note : closed on sundays .
1	what 's the most amazing part ? the little things and all the individual dishes / parts in such a big buffet are still perfectly executed .
1	perfect portion sizes . the decor is elegant and gives the restaurant a cute " secluded paradise " feel . spiciness is marked with stars on the menu , but you can customize every aspect of your meal . very accommodating .
1	definitely would recommend ! staff knowledgeable and friendly . found my new favorite restaurant
1	whole white meat " general chen 's chicken " amazing sweet and sour chicken , generous portions and great customer service . well worth the drive to pickup rather than deliver ! 5 stars for their amazing veggie fried rice ! unlike any other chinese places in town .
1	same pricing as hwaro but the quality of the meat and everything they offer is amazing . although it 's not all you can eat , they have packages that feed a party of 3-4 and it was the same amount of food i usually eat at hwaro or any other ayce restaurant . and when you do come if it 's possible and he 's not too busy in his section request randy you won 't be disappointed , super friendly and helpful and alert !
1	it made all the korean bars in vancouver go to shame with their enormous portions and generous service sides . all you can eat fresh fries , corn with cheese , salad , etc - all which you would have paid for in vancouver . my fiancee and i was so surprised at the portions of everything we ordered we came back multiple times during our one week stay in to . they give you double of what we can get in vancouver for the same price !
1	portions are huge , perfectly cooked and seasoned and the personnel is friendly and quick to respond to any suggestion . location is in a strip mall on a corner in the southeast valley , not a great spot but that is the only negative about a this place . highly recommend this place to anyone , just don 't tell too many people about it !
1	they are busy when they have special events but we always get great service . everyone there works so hard to make sure the customer is happy . every roll is amazing and the food is always fresh . i 've been going there for years and have never had a bad experience .
1	the spicy miso ramen is what my husband and i always get and it is full of flavor and the quality is so amazon ! i recommend ramen sora to everyone i know and no other ramen place in vegas can compare !
1	my friends and i ate there twice for lunch and we were all blown away by the friendly attentive staff and the amazing food and prices . they have a lunch menu that offers many delicious lunch options for under $ 15 . the portions are huge ! i had the insalata salmone the first time and it was possibly the best salad i 've had . the second time , i decided to choose thier specialty , the lobster supreme which has a very enjoyable taste like nothing i 've tasted before . i highly recommend lunch here !
1	food was great , kitchen / lobby / bathroom very clean , and true customer service in every possible aspect ! thank you i will be recommending this location and looking into catering needs for my company .
1	... i love , i love sushi ... favorite rolls are : jackpot roll , kiss of fire , and screaming orgasm .... i just love this place ! if u haven 't been here yet , u 've got to give it a try .
1	food is always consistent . price is very fair . lunch specials are awesome and fish is always fresh .
1	every dish i 've had there has been full of flavor that keeps me coming back for more . when the weekend arrives and i 'm ready to eat out , 9 times out of 10 i end up at tum nak thai . you simply cannot go wrong with any dish there . i usually prefer the seafood combo in my dish of choice , and they do honor small requests such as removing the shrimp tails for me . and how hot you want any of the menu items is up to you , as you can order anything mild , medium or hot . family owned and very friendly service , and if i could afford it , i 'd eat there every day .
1	after moving to pittsburgh from la at the beginning of 2015 my fiance and i hunted for a thai place that could compare w / our favorite place that we left behind . this spot is by far the best tasting , best service in the city. we go often and have never had a meal we didn 't enjoy .
1	i love the rooftop setting area and the tuna roll is very tasty as well as the steak . a must if in yorkville and looking for sushi to eat plus other great items .
1	it 's sooo good ! ! so much better than panda express ! i wish i could afford to eat here everyday ! pretty affordable for the amount of food you get . mine usually lasts me 2 meals ! always get extra green onion on your teriyaki bowl ! it 's just so yummy staff is always friendly & food is prepared super fast ! ! even togo 's are 5 min pickup time ! oh and don 't forget your stamp card ! ! !
1	everything we have tried is delicious they deliver but we are a little too far . the prices are good but the food is great and there 's always leftovers for the next day even though two men and myself share it . definitely worth trying i can guarentee you 'll love it too . if you enjoy good food for good prices
1	everything from the workers being dressed in character down to the menu being like a comic book . almost everything is under $ 10 and the food is surprisingly tasty . i had the teri sliders and the fried banana dessert . my sliders were great . the patty was not too dry nor not too undercooked . the dessert was good also . i 'm definitely coming back here when i visit vegas again and i 'm definitely going to recommend this place to everyone that comes this way .
1	i got kung pao beef and yellow chicken curry , spicy level # 8 ! comes w a huge dollop of white rice , smal cup of soup and choice of appetizer .. i got a wonton .. all for only # 7.95 ! plus , they are offering 7 % cash back through yelp .. by signing up one of your credit cards .. then , all you have to do , is use it there , and yelp credits you back 7 % of your bill . highly recommended . great flavors .
1	after reading all the good reviews , i had to see it for myself . so many choices , and fresh ! all the fried dishes were made after we ordered , not sitting around on the cart getting cold . the service was exceptional . they were very attentive and polite . we didn 't feel rushed at all . it 's so unlike a typical chinese restaurant . we will definitely be back , bringing some relatives to try our new dim sum spot .
1	all of their dishes have a ton of flavor , nothing boring at all . a breathe of fresh air in typical tasteless oily pittsburgh chinese food .
1	and a cool staff . i like a staff that can joke around and make things a little lighthearted yet stay very professional .
1	a true hidden gem.the owner is always there usually waiting tables.its a shame i did not discover this place sooner .
1	we will most definitely be back and look forward to exploring the menu more . we had the shrimp lover and citea both very good and we had the tuna and salmon sashimi as well with tip $ 34 which is a great deal for a fantastic meal and exceptional service .
1	i 've had the butter chicken and the chili chicken . we either take out and eat in here on a weekly basis . very friendly staff too ! so happy to have this in the neighborhood .
1	i had the vegetable dinner with tofu and they offered me fried rice without the egg . very friendly staff and nice clean restaurant
1	there 's no other sushi restaurant in town that can be compare to i love sushi , and we have tried many ! whenever we have guest visiting , we always try and take them here . we highly recommend this place ! ! ! enjoy !
1	we went yesterday and i had 2 cooked rolls , my husband and son both had sashimi . the fish is really fresh and i love that they provide a tiny noodle soup before the main dishes . my son drank his soup , had mine and ask for more ! all was approved by a 3 year old . the beef i had was really tender as well . they have this amazing house made ginger tea as well .
1	had the tofu and veggie bowl and the coconut mango rice dessert and was in heaven . came back more than once just for dessert ! tip for future visits : make reservations as this place was packed and had a 45-60 minute waiting time whenever i came by ( to pick up my takeout ) .
1	if you love good chinese food , then you all need to come here ! ! the orange chicken is the best i have ever had ! ! my family liked the chicken and vegetables and scallops and peas . come and see for yourself how delicious it is . thanks wild ginger ! !
1	only downfalls are they don 't deliver and only accept cash .
1	and the price is certainly right ! the wonton soup was more beef broth than chicken and had a hint of spice . the wonton dumplings were huge and amazing ! i would 've liked a few more but i was being greedy . the vegetable mai fun ... holy crap . crack in the sauce ! we also got crab rangoon but they weren 't for me haha but they looked and smelled delicious . highly recommend !
1	we had the 5 course chefs special . everything was perfect . the service was beyond superb . what a lovely place . if i lived in pgh i 'd visit this place more often - if my checkbook would allow for it . pricey , fancy , fresh sushi - small servings - remember that if your hungry .
1	definitely a hidden gem off of the strip . do try to make reservations but they are worth checking out . : )
1	everything tasted fresh and not as if it had been sitting in a fridge for a few days or under a heater . meets were flavorful and tender and veggies were crisp and delicious . also everything was prepared super quick and by very friendly and helpful staff !
1	i 'm so glad this restaurant is so close by , for those seemingly random times where i 'm suddenly craving their food . i 'll absolutely be coming back soon .
1	authentic cuisine and nice staff . i know a place is good when something i usually don 't like tastes good . my friend had me try her lomi lomi salad ( i usually don 't like salmon ) and i ended up devouring the whole thing .
1	authentic thai food from different regions of thailand . my only regret is that i didn 't get to try more dishes ! 1 . opened at 11am on monday 2 . bbq chicken was moist and flavorful ! 3 . red curry , chicken friend rice , and drunkin noodles were all on point . 4 . next time i 'm trying the green curry and pork sausage ! portions are small , but the dishes were so delicious ! i can 't wait to eat here again when i 'm in vegas !
1	great presentation . friendly folks . good tunes . pretty relaxed atmosphere . just my kind of place .
1	the staff are uber friendly and all the rolls were delicious . we ate at several sushi places in vegas and this was favourite over this week .
1	bbq at your table , great quality and value . definitely will plan to come back .
1	being from los angeles i didn 't have high expectations . however , the freshness , variety of banchon and portions were very satisfying . the waiter was extremely helpful and always came by to ask us if we need somethings . great service and food .
1	best curry i have had in a long time , even living on los angeles . easy to customize your order to your liking in all aspects . also helps that service was great . they even let me sample the curry to find the right level of spicy . the meats and veggies i added made my dish perfect . must try this restaurant .
1	best pho in town . great service . the bubble tea are also to die for .
1	best sushi my husband and i have had . we have tried many places , and this one outdoes them by a lot . the sushi looks like artwork , and tastes amazing ! service is quick , but not overly rushed . definitely our new go to spot .
1	prices are fantastic . will make their dishes with veggies or tofu instead of meats . will definately be back .
1	ordered a medium and took 1 / 2 home . would return to sample other items if i lived here . highly recommend for food- don 't go for ambience or service -just amazing food
1	love this place and love that it 's located in the adrenaline bar ! ! !
1	buttery , sweet fresh sushi , good service and not badly priced . great lunch .
1	great authentic flavors . just moved from sd where indian cuisine is easily available ; searching yelp for las vegas locations , which are a few and far between , especially in the summerlin area . i was pleasantly pleased the first visit and happily surprised in the quality and consistency on the 2nd and 3rd dining experiences . congrats , they deserve the 5 stars i 'm giving them
1	the food is always fresh and of high quality . the staff and servers are always warm and pleasant . the garlic sauce is to die for !
1	excellent service too ! not cheap but definitely worth it ! !
1	definitely loved the popcorn shrimp roll ! everything was amazing ! crunch roll , rainbow roll and chicken yaki udon - great flavors and excellent service . we will be driving down here for sushi again !
1	started with lamb samosas . two huge samosas filled with ground lamb , minced potatoes and spices . i had the goat curry , my wife had the shrimp korma . we shared coconut naan to soak up the spice and the delicious sauce . the shrimp korma was a creamy , spicy sauce with cashews and perfectly cooked shrimp . i asked for a higher level of spice ( 5 out of 6 ) for the goat curry and it definitely had a serious kick to it . service was good and the staff really seemed to want to make sure we enjoyed our dinner . 10 % off the check for cash !
1	especially if you like eel sauce which my son does . he ordered 4 rolls ! ! very very good . would stop by again ! and again !
1	everything is first rate . i had the spicy tuna bowl , and i wouldn 't change a thing about it . my wife had the thai peanut noodle bowl and substituted smoked salmon for the tuna . it was also delicious . looking forward to the smoked salmon bagel tomorrow . it 's that good .
1	everything was incredible ! pork egg rolls the best we ever had ! highly recommend ! chinese food the way it should be !
1	everything was made in-house and they give generous portions ! we ordered the pho beef banh mi , karaage , kimchi bap poutine , and meatloaf taco sandwich . we enjoyed every bite and everything . i will definitely be coming back . my new go-to sandwich place !
1	favorites include the makhani chicken , vegetable korma , and lamb keema . staff is incredibly friendly and polite . 10 / 10 would go again .
1	one of the most consistent restaurants i have ever been to . with delivery , take-out and dine-in options you can eat tabule any time , any day and anywhere . the staff is amazing , and despite being able to eat it everywhere , i will forever want to end up eating at the bar in the queen e location for the people alone .
1	fall-apart tender , super rich and flavorful pork , perfectly cooked and seasoned rice , creamy and tangy macaroni salad . just an overall spectacular meal ( and huge too ! ) for under 10 bucks . i got the luau pork plate . definitely recommended . super fast too ! like 3 minutes fast ! i 'll be back for sure !
1	fantastic service , beautiful decor and authentic and creative dishes
1	fast and very friendly service . this place is our new go to restaurant and you can 't beat the price !
1	fast delivery that 's always hot and fresh . the portions are large enough to share . love this place and highly recommend it .
1	fast , friendly service . i had the vegetable spring rolls to start ( they were crunchy and amazing ) and the orange chicken lunch with wonton soup and would get it again but can 't wait to try something different . will go back again soon because i can 't help it ! the decor was perfectly fine ( it 's a chinese restaurant in a strip mall for goodness sakes ) clean , bright , and inviting . fair prices too .
1	actually * authentic * chinese food . i love their steamed chinese broccoli . my favorite dish is their crispy tofu with green onion in a sweet chilli sauce . note about venue : golden harbor is not the right place to go if you 're wanting a classy and quiet atmosphere ( for a dinner date , business lunch , ect ) . the dining section is dirty , the furniture is cheap , the lighting is not flattering , and it gets pretty loud during rush hours .
1	i had the bamboo shoot stirfry and it was quite good . my brother had the oxtail soup and it is to die for . it 's like a taiwanese oxtail soup mixed with tom yum , a heavy meaty flavor cut with kefir lime , basil and lemongrass . they don 't have a sign , but they are tucked in behind voodoo wings next to cash1 on cheyenne . very easy to miss ! but so good !
1	i have never been disappointed . the place could use a little renovation but it is clean and the food is amazing for the price . also important to note , the times and days it is open are wrong on yelp . for example , it is open on sunday
1	and it 's all vegan ! my goal is try everything on the menu . i 've only had 4 dishes and one dessert so far but they 've all been crazy tasty ! would recommend to everyone , not just vegans and vegetarians .
1	and it 's byow the service is great , very attentive even though the place was jam packed . lots of vegetables on the plates and the portions are great ! i would definitely come back ! !
1	and service was great , the waitress was kind and patient with us . definitely going back .
1	we will definitely be going back for any occasion to celebrate !
1	even soup was brought out to us before our lunch meal . everything was served hot , fresh , and quick . the waitresses and waiters wear traditional thai clothing . absolutely loved it !
1	everything was accurate , fresh , and extremely tasty . restaurant and facilities were clean . nice decor , cold drinks , and outside seating available . if we lived in pittsburgh , we 'd definitely be regulars !
1	fantastic service ! joy was an absolute doll that met and exceeded all of our expectations . restaurant was clean , waitstaff was organized , timing on food was just right ! thanks farenheit for a great night out ! we will be back most definitely !
1	a little hard for us to find , but a real gem !
1	in charlotte , very difficult to find authentic sichuan flavors , and this is by far the best i have found ! make sure you get there soon enough because sometimes their lunch rush is so popular they occasionally run out of the more popular items .
1	quick and friendly service in a nice and clean environment . i will definitely be coming back . i loved the sushi solution roll as well as the volcano roll . they were the stand out rolls among the other already fantastic dishes .
1	right after you order they bring out an assortment of side dishes . the kimchi and seaweed were delicious ! we ordered the beef bolgogi bibimbap which was very tasty , especially reheated , and the bbq short ribs . highly recommend .
1	the chicken was moist and flavorful . the side dishes were great . price is very affordable , portions are large . staff was friendly and very attentive . definitely recommend this place ! ! !
1	the service was really fast and the atmosphere was relaxing as well . me and my gf went for lunch there . it was busy and still fast ! ! . the food came out like art ! ! almost didnt want to eat it lol . for what you pay u get really good portions ! ! i ordered a tempura bento box and the alsaka rolls . omg the alaska rolls were amazing ! ! ! sushi was very fresh and rolled beautifully . definately going back again and this has become " our go to " sushi place ! !
1	the tom yum soup is without a doubt the best we 've had in a 50 mile radius . we also had the garlic shrimp and sesame chicken , which were both wonderful . everything is obviously made from fresh ingredients ; even the fried food tasted fresh and clean . the decor is simple but stylish and the entire restaurant is spotlessly clean . the staff is friendly and the prices are more than reasonable . even if it 's a bit of a drive , it is well worth the travel time . definitely give it a try .
1	unlike other restaurants in this area this place is very authentic and homey , and that 's what i like about it . yes , service could 've been a little faster , but ... this is such a small thing so it doesn 't matter.besides , the food is so good , i don 't mind waiting a little . yeah .. and the it really cheap ) i just wish they were located closer to where i live so i can come more often )
1	fresh , generous size and mouth watering . i will definitely be back !
1	the space is very well decorated , it feels modern and authentic . the staff is friendly and service is quick . i went for lunch and had their fresh rolls and their buddha delight stir-fry . both items were absolutely delicious . the rolls were packed of quality ingredients ( i.e. not like those stuffed with noodles and bean sprouts ) and very very very flavourful ! the stir-fry was perfect : not greasy , fresh , well presented , tasted very homemade ( i.e. not craze sauces from a bottle ) definitely recommended !
1	fresh ingredients and quick service . a little hidden gem in the rosedale / yorkville area ! classic bowl is recommended but i 'm sure everything on the menu is great !
1	i used to go to another local sushi restaurant for years , and sometimes still do , but this one has stepped the quality and service up a notch . very attentive service staff make this restaurant my new go-to for a trendy , fresh , and delicious japanese cuisine experience .
1	drunken noodles are the bomb . garlic noodles too . in fact , everything was terrific . the fried banana and coconut ice cream were the perfect end to a great meal .
1	absolutely delicious. from the way they speak to the atmosphere of the entire place , i can tell i was getting some authentic food. my friends brought me here and i was instantly hooked. cannot wait to come back soon .
1	geoffrey was a great chef and very entertaining ! we will definitely be back soon .
1	get the avocado green curry , so yummy ! we will be back for sure , probably weekly . highly recommended !
1	good fish , good ingredients . it 's one of two places now that i 'll order fish .
1	good portion size . can be a bit pricey ( especially if you add side orders ) but definitely worth it . the sauce bar is awesome . the service is good , first time visit was 10 / 10 and i cannot wait to go back ! had it 8 hours ago and can 't stop thinking about it . yum !
1	great atmospherw , friendly staff and multiple options in sauces !
1	great couple who owns it , wonderful service . get the tom yum soup , fried dumplings , and crab rangoons . we also liked the general tsos chicken ( available with only white meat which is awesome ) and the garlic shrimp . finish it up with some fresh donuts !
1	great environment , with a definite decor , enough to feel cool but not overwhelming or overrated .
1	great food , great prices , and great atmosphere . it 's a pain to have to wait in a lineup outside , most of the time , but now i just place my order in advance by phone and grab it to-go . i 'll never get tired of their bibimbaps . also , try the dak balls . it 's a korean take on general tao chicken , but farrrr better .
1	great friendly service . they adjusted the pho for us and it was perfect . super cute atmosphere too .
1	great prices , great food , friendly service ! ! went in around 6 on a friday night , no reservations but we were seated immediately ! ! on the opposite side of town from where we live , but , well worth the drive ! we will be back ! ! !
1	great selection of sushi rolls . we had about a 30 minute wait , but it was worth it . once seated the sushi was made promptly . our waitress also had good recommendations .
1	great service as well ! my husband and i agree this is the best vegan fish we ever had . the vegan chicken was good as well . by default , they provide healthy thai red rice instead of white , which is an extra bonus . we will definitely be coming back even though it 's quite a far drive for us .
1	had the combo and it was plenty for two people to share . the service was great too ! kaiju is one of the best spots in toronto !
1	had the ' drop down and give me spicy ' and it was amazing . juicy double beef patty and the sauces were great too ! unique atmosphere as well . definitely recommend !
1	had the eggplant and garlic with tofu . great staff . no ambiance , but that 's ok with me . it 's very bright , small , and noisy . not for a romantic dinner date . i will be back . nice prices , too . i look forward to trying more things .
1	had the ocean delight-wonderful . the best service . enjoyed greatly .
1	had the vegetarian eggplant entree and it was amazing . really hit the spot , and great service !
1	absolutely delicious have the nigerian prawns with all different three butters uni butter was my favorite the staff was friendly a lot of similar things to nobu but for half the price ! !
1	everyone here is extremely friendly and i 've loved all the dishes i have tried here ( soup , all the curries , noodles , roti ) . this is at least a biweekly treat for us !
1	honestly , the best i 've ever had , and so authentic . everything we had was absolutely amazing . ( veggie lettuce wraps , bo-bo rabbit , black pepper fish filet , and beer flavored flaming duck ) . we will definitely be back , this place is the real deal .
1	i am so impressed with this little whole in the wall joint . parking was very easy , and we were seated right away . i ended up ordering the spicy chicken , korean style . it was literally amazing ! it came with a generous side of white rice and hawaiian style mac salad . and of course , some korean appetizers , they were all soooo good ! my boyfriend got the same thing i did , but with pork and his was fantastic as well . i believe it was $ 11.95 , and honestly for that price and the amount of food you can 't beat it ! i will definitely be stopping here next time i 'm in town .
1	i called ahead for takeout , and once i got there , i wanted nothing more than to eat in because of the wonderful ambiance . the fish tasted so fresh and there wasn 't too much rice .
1	the server i usually get , i think shelly , is really nice and almost knows me by name now . the food is really good , especially the snow crab salad , and all the shashimi . this may be weird , but the water is really good .
1	i come here regularly for a large chicken pho and i always leave satisfied , full , and with a smile on my face . off the main road , but is well worth it .
1	i don 't write too many reviews but i am taking the time to do so . please try this place . only ordered three items from here but each one absolutely amazing . the tandoori chicken is the best i have had in years and the fish was meaty with less batter and more fish . the biryani is just right and loved the pricing . the gentleman who was cooking and serving was extremely friendly and even gave me kheer while i waited for my order . i will revisit .
1	i eat here at least once a week sometime twice ! ! favorite rolls : japanese lasagna & threesome special & love the house salad husband 's spicy favorite 's : sun devil , xxx , burn your stomach kids love the california rolls for desert we had the tempura ice cream and the tempura cheesecake . neither were delicious enough that i would order them again . the service is always great .
1	i eat thai all over las vegas , and this beats my favorite restaurant there . owner does all the cooking . i highly recommend this place !
1	dishes were plentiful and excellent . simple place . pretty empty for a weekday evening . but food was awesome .
1	.. if you love mexican and chinese you will love this place ! ! ! ! it 's a great combo you 'd never think would work until you eat it . and they bake cookies fresh daily that come with your meal ...
1	i had takeout for my first time and the food was amazing ! if dining in makes it better i 'll definitely be there with an appetite ! !
1	i had the lobster sushi roll / the okada roll and omg , this was quite possibly the best sushi that i 've had in my entire life ! i mean , f-in wow ! it 's very beautiful on the inside . the staff is very friendly . overall , it was pretty awesome experience .
1	i haven 't had korean food in a while and decided to take my mother to mi ga . she 's never had korean food and she loved it ! the bbq short ribs were amazing and the kimchee stew is now one of my favorite foods . the lady at the counter was sweet and helpful . great place and great service . will definitely be going back soon .
1	i love all the poke places popping up all over town ! ! ! they all are pretty much the same . everything here was fresh , restaurant was clean , and the help was very friendly . so many choices i didn 't know where to begin ! ! ! but the best was the lunch special sushi burrito , $ 5 and they did not skimp on the sides and mix-ins . other places would charge $ 10 easily ... i will be back again and again ...
1	i loved the sweet and sour pork combo meal . well worth it .
1	i love everything that we tried . we had sushi as well as the baked mussels , whole mackerel and the creamy shrimp with wasabi sauce . everything was so good . my boyfriend is a very picky eater , his family also owns some thai as well as susi reataurants so he is hard to please . he loved the food at kaizen though . the service was also excellent . i am from maryland but i would definitely return to kaizen on my next visit to vegas .
1	i love that it 's a full menu of vegetarian cuisine . the atmosphere of the restaurant is super cute too . wish i lived closer so i could order take out once and a while
1	i 'm sensitive to spicy and they made a mild chicken curry for me and it was so delicious and full of flavor .
1	in a town full of ramen but short on really good pho , this hit the spot . they have vegetarian and gluten free options too . and the staff are so friendly and super helpful . next time i 'm saving room for the dessert ( special price on yelp )
1	i ordered the pad thai , curry thai chicken , and sweet and sour chicken . i also made it medium hot since i like my food on the spicier side . service was pretty fast , and friendly minus the accent / a few translation explanations . will definitely be back
1	i pray this stays around for many many years . we had almost everything on the menu . lol great family owned business .
1	it 's a really cute concept for diy poke bowls , they have a lot of options to really customize your order
1	it 's in an area that has not a lot of other food places around so i tried it and i 'm very glad i did .
1	it 's like 2-3 delicious sushi rolls in one big burrito and the price of one roll . i 'm going here like once a week ! pretty busy around lunch time though so plan ahead .
1	it 's nice to visit a restaurant that is clean and airy . you 're not sitting too close to people next to you . the food was amazing ! it was our first experience with hakka . if you 're worried about the food being too spicy , don 't be . the food is flavour forward with some heat . the service was prompt and courteous and the food didn 't take too long to be served . i 'd definitely go back without a second thought . highly recommended !
1	i 've been coming here for 10 years now and they never disappoint . i recommend the spicy ricey with cheese !
1	i 've been here 3 times now , and each time the food and service were awesome . vietnamese and thai food , lunch and dinner menus . owner tim is friendly and motivated to serve delicious food with good service . he said he is hoping to introduce authentic vietnamese dishes not normally seen . i 'm really looking forward to seeing that ! definitely recommend !
1	i wanted a new place close to home for my korean fix , and this hit the spot . the first thing to hit the table after i ordered was some really delicious soup , and the quality of thier side dishes was excellent- always a good sign . the chapjae was great , and the bibimbap loco moco was great too ! not to mention the service . i 've never seen staff so friendly , accommodating , and timely- from the server , nancey , to the chef herself . a +
1	i would definitely recommend trying the oxtail chili fries with egg !
1	i would highly recommend to family and friends ! food tastes fresh and staff is friendly ! this new gem is absolutely a place me and my family will visit often .
1	i had the short ribs and they were so good . my wife had one of their soups , can 't remember the name but it was also delicious . they give you a good quantity of food as well . the service was good too . i really don 't have any negatives for this restaurant . we will definitely go back .
1	we ordered two different combos - short rib & chicken each with their own tofu soup , rice and a bunch of different little sides . yum ! they have all you can eat bbq too but we never bother with that ( i rather have them cook for me - lol ) their combos are all under $ 15 sooooo good !
1	loved the atmosphere and the tom kha gai was perfect ! my husband took me for our date night and had even called ahead .. asking for a romantic table . our server went above and beyond ! we enjoyed it so much we even ordered in thru postmates and our food arrived to our door , just as delicious as before !
1	loved the pad thai , general tso 's , and crab rangoon ! we will be back for sure .
1	love the family staff : ) friendly atmosphere and very clean . delivery is super fast and always correct as long as you ask for the item you want , never expect it , just ask ; ) my husband and i eat there weekly .
1	love the stir fry bar and all of the different options . it is a bit pricey but it 's worth it . love the ginger salad and spring rolls too !
1	always impressed with their sushi rolls . and they have the best happy hour for both drinks and food ! not to mention the complimentary miso . yum to say the least .
1	mathew our server was very great and brought out our soup base pretty quick . great wide selection with the conveyor belt making it convenient to grab anything you want for your own hot pot . even if you can 't grab the item you want , you can just order it from the menu . joyce , one of the managers , was very hospitable and gracious . overall , great food , amazing service and great idea for hot pot .
1	highly recommend the squash and goat cheese ravioli appetizer ! our table was near the kitchen , so we could see the head chef finish plating the food , which was awesome .
1	we were beyond impressed . a must visit restaurant : )
1	my co-workers and i love having lunch here at least once a month . their lunch specials are very reasonable in price and their portions are huge ! ! the staff is super nice and the place is very clean , which are also a plus !
1	my favorite pizza hands down ! i always get the meat lovers one and i can 't get enough of it ! also the fried ravioli appetizer is amazing ! ! don 't be surprised if you 're waiting for a table for more than 15 minutes though .
1	my husband and i ordered the beef chow mein , orange chicken and basil chicken . the food was fresh and flavorful . you could really taste the fresh orange in the orange chicken which i have never had an orange chicken that actually has a fresh orange taste . also the chow mein was cooked perfectly along with the basil chicken . in each dish you could taste all the fresh flavors . it was a nice surprise to try a place and it be fresh and amazing quality ! will definitely be going here for all my thai food cravings ! ! !
1	my husband and i were in the mood for thai food and we decided to give it a try . the thai egg rolls are perfectly crisp and full of so much flavor . then we had pad thai noodles and was so delicious as well . cucumber salad was okay . and the staff was simply sweet and attentive . definitely stopping by again soon !
1	my wife and i have been here three times now and have been totally satisfied each time . i always order the house chicken ( sweet , mildly spicy , high quality chicken ) . word to the wise , one entree is enough for two people ! ! also , try the grilled potstickers ... you 'll be happy you did !
1	nothing more to say about this place - some of the best thai food i 've had in the us .
1	omgosh this food is delicious ! i have not tried anything here that is not really good . so happy to have this place near by . will be back often !
1	one of , if not my favorite sushi place in town . always great service both at the bar and table . must try the casino royal roll .
1	ordered the spicy garlic ramen and the chicken ramen , would recommend both of them .
1	our lunch meeting favorite around the office . everything i have tried is great . this is my first review and a service to this establishment . you should try it- promised to exceed expectations .
1	the mango curry is also a great hit . reasonably priced . great mom and pop place .
1	pad thai is also solid . sit by the big garage window during the summer and people-watch the mineos crowd if at all possible .
1	pineapple fried rice is a must . and our server tina was the kindest ! already looking forward to a return trip
1	quality materials , phenomenal flavors - everything to love . it has a nice mom & pop feel despite being in a strip shopping center in scottsdale . it 's hard to decide between the beef noodle dish with eggrolls and the sandwiches - so i rarely choose - i just get both and take it home . this is the kind of place where you order extra to have for later !
1	i had the paitan with pork belly and cracklings , spicy corn and kimchi . amazing . the owners are here . she greets you , he cooks . patio , dining room and bar . you gotta check it out .
1	ramen mac and cheese so yummy , not heavy at all . sweet potato birds nest was fun and sweet . the best of all was the crispy pork belly . we had a small and shared all three things and it was plenty . tony was our waiter and was delightful . great new place and fabulous food .
1	the hakata and the chashu are my favorites . it can get busy but don 't let a wait discourage you . completely worth it .
1	reasonably priced . very clean . nice decor . fantastic addition to the neighborhood . jewel in this strip mall .
1	great sangria too ! excellent service . we went as a family but it would be great for a date too .
1	rich , creamy miso broth and the mini chasu bowl was incredible ! for any ramen lover , this is definitely a place to eat .
1	rocky the owner operator is fantastic . he was extremely helpful and outgoing in assisting my wife and i with choosing our first meal here . i highly recommend soho and suggest ordering their dumplings as an appetizer
1	definitely try the diver scallops - both sushi and seared were fantastic !
1	service is excellent so nice and generous with the fish would definitely go back !
1	service was excellent . highly recommend the pot stickers and the orange chicken .
1	service was excellent ! ! love the decor & vibe . highly recommended
1	service was good and the restaurant was clean . i am tempted to rate their pa-nang as the best in town . it had just the right amount of spice and left us wanting more . we also tried potstickers and were pleasantly surprised . the dumpling was cooked perfectly and was very flavorful . we can 't wait to be back & try more dishes .
1	service was good , sushi was sooo good and having great martinis on the menu doesn 't hurt .
1	so flavorful and satisfies all the indian cravings you could want !
1	spider roll com chien pork gyova dumplings sat at the bar . food , service and atmosphere were terrific ! a little loud , but food trumps noise ! will definitely go back !
1	started with the hot and sour soup , which was hands down the best i 'd ever had . flavorful and without the sharpness that h & s soup can sometimes have . for the main course , we had the mongolian beef , which was deeply and richly flavored , and the prawn / scallop / beef kung pao . the scallops especially were like butter . on top of it all , the service was phenomenal and the restaurant had a lovely ambiance . would absolutely recommend for anyone who wants amazing cantonese cuisine in scottsdale .
1	a little on a pricey side which is why we have only been here once but all-in-all , very great choice for a romantic date .
1	sushi extremely fresh and tasty for the pallet .. service excellent and atmosphere very pleasant . sweet shrimp beautiful displayed along with battered fried sweet shrimp heads , spicy seared albacore topped with crispy dried onion 's to die for and mouth watering uni all a perfect combination with asahi and hot sake ... yummy
1	the owners are amazing as well . everyone must try their spicy salmon rolls , they 're the best in the city and to die for .
1	i 've also never tasted tempura as light as theirs . highly recommend this restaurant
1	my girlfriend and i went here saturday night and ordered 4 specialty rolls , yes they were a little pricey ( $ 12.95-14.95 / roll ) but sooooooo amazing and so worth it ! we ordered soy paper instead of seaweed and it was awesome ! i will def return
1	we actually found this place via yelp while we were in the area . it is super teeny , but so great ! ! we had a huge party and they accommodated us easily . side note : you can rent karaoke rooms ! ! wish we 'd have known ! go for the fancy rolls , the basic spicy tuna and such is fresh and wonderful , but they really take the cake with the specialty rolls . wow ! the crunch dragon roll and yellowtail lover ? are you kidding me ? ! so good ! !
1	thai chicken fried rice , panang chicken curry and chicken pad seiew were all wonderful . very quick and efficient service .
1	got the pad see ew , drunken noodle , cashew chicken , green curry , and egg rolls . nice sized portions , good prices , and they delivery quickly ! highly recommend .
1	nice large , fresh scallops and shrimp . crisp flavorful veggies and fluffy rice . the lunch soup before your meal is delightfully mild and a smooth start to your meal . the owners and staff really care about your dining experience and want to make sure that you enjoy everything . we will be back many times .
1	we were in the mood for thai food tonight and used yelp as a guide to find a good place . the reviews did not lie , as everything , including the superlative service , was awesome . i ordered my curry very hot ( 5 , on their 1-5 scale ) , and although it was not as hot as i usually like , the heat / flavor balance was great .
1	the beef is . dry tender , nothing is too sweet or salty . they have $ 3 kirin ichiban on tap ! ! ! this is my go to for lunch or dinner ! ! ! the owner always remembers me and my order , you just don 't get better than that !
1	the best ramen house that i 've been too . everyone was very nice and fast service . and they make their noodles in house , definitely can taste the difference .
1	the chicken fried rice was the best i 've ever had , it was so fresh . the spring rolls were also the best i 've ever had , and the chicken lo mein was pretty good too . the atmosphere was pleasant , and the food quality and speed at which we got it was pretty much perfect . i will definitely be returning here , since this was the best asian food that i have ever had . i highly recommend this place !
1	the chicken was so tender , teriyaki sauce is perfect , crab rangoon was the best i 've had in a long time . i highly recommend this place ! you are mad if you don 't go here !
1	the chinese cuisine here is incredibly authentic and at amazing prices . the best part about this restaurant though is the super nice / helpful staff . i highly recommend the steamed or broth shrimp dumplings , they are so tender and juicy . another fave is the seafood hong kong noodles and seared scallops . oh yeah , they also make fresh smoothies with or without boba ! overall a great little hole in the wall .
1	the food is delicious and flavorful . they even have a great beer selection but if your like me you 'll go for the sapporo which is on draft as well ! you seriously can 't go wrong eating here . special thanks to the owner dennis for the reccomendations ! you rock ! !
1	the garlic steak and filet was phenomenal . the noodles , sweet corn , awesome . i would highly recommend everyone coming if they get the chance . the staff is so friendly and quick . a great experience .
1	the homestyle guay teow for $ 10 hit the spot . the owners are very friendly , the atmosphere is very inviting , and well decorated . our glasses constantly filled with water ( we didn 't even have to ask ! ) will definitely return . they also have massive space for parties ! thank you benjamart , you made us feel at home !
1	nice presentation with a unique flavor . sat at the sushi bar and had two dishes that our waiter recommended . dish one was a salmon sashimi but with a light lemon sauce with a leaf of cilantro . the second dish was a baked cod which had seasoning and sauce on the side . both dishes were great , like nothing i had ever experienced . i will most definitely recommend this place for their unique dishes and fine cut of seafood . can 't wait to go back and explore more items from their menu .
1	their sushi is always on point , the korean street tacos are to die for , and the broccoli and beef melts in your mouth it 's so good ! ! ! this is a wonderful atmosphere to go to on a date night ! ( i 've only been to the m casino location )
1	the menu has a bunch of options ; more than i 'm used to seeing . and all of them sounded great . service was excellent : quick , friendly , and not intrusive . i 'm just a tourist , and i 'm already looking for an excuse to come back .
1	the owner , 20 year sushi chef born in hawaii served my husband and i up with amazing poke bowls . he explained all the ingredients available for making a bowl to our taste ( and setting us up with little taste tests along the way ) and gave us helpful guidance in our experience . everything was incredibly fresh ; small batches and big flavor . we will definitely be back ! ! this is a great local spot ! forget the chains popping up !
1	the pad thai and salad rolls were amazing and very unique . huge portion sizes , good prices , and the owners are adorable ! would highly recommend !
1	the portions were a great size for the price . staff was super attentive and friendly- i only wish i would 've stopped earlier on my vacation and not on the way to the airport !
1	the price is great for the amount of food . i find myself coming back over and over - the boba is great , also . the ambience is really nice , too , and the noodles are fresh and the broth is delicious ! best ramen in the area , by far . they have two different options for the toppings , which is really nice for your preference . love this place !
1	there is one in los angeles and it 's super popular . always line up : ) i 'm glad there is one in vegas now . check it out people you won 't be disappoint !
1	the service by mariana , millie & hank was outstanding , and we couldn 't have been more impressed ! it was a wonderful break from our work-day , and had so much fun . thanks again to you all !
1	the staff was very attentive and informative , explaining each item in detail . we chose to let our waiter choose our dishes and gave him a price point we were looking to spend per person . every item was amazing . the swordfish sashimi with jalapeño and black miso cod were definitely favorites .
1	the variety of food is amazing and everything tastes as wonderful as it looks . the staff are polite , friendly , and cheerful . definitely worth the price !
1	they have a krazy spicy sauce that is crazy hot but worth the torture
1	this place came highly recommended , and it is clear why . we shared a variety of dishes and everything was wonderful . the drunken noodle prawns were a favorite , and the pad thai was the best we 've ever had . they also had a seriously impressive and extensive wine list , and great service .
1	this really is my favorite restaurant ! the lady who runs the place is always really nice . i can 't place a favorite dish because i have so many . however you can 't leave without trying the mango ice cream ! and i personally always end with a cup of the tea : )
1	tried a couple of rolles suggested to us be fellow patrons , and we were not disappointed ! the primo roll was fantastic ! the sushi chef was so nice and talented ! he is willing to customize anything you want . younlike it spicy ? he will spice it up ! you want crunchy ? he will add crunch ! loved it ! we enjoyed oirbdate night there very much and will be back soon to try more rolls ! yum !
1	very rare to find an authentic thai restaurant with food so deliciously prepared in vegas ! excellent !
1	their pork and spring rolls are the best i 've had in the dozens of vietnamese restaurants i have visited around the country . a wonderful treat during a hectic trip to this city . the staff were also really hospitable during several visits .
1	warms your insides and your soul . which is good because they keep it meat locker cold in here ! bring a sweater and your appetite .
1	we are from out of the area and decided to try it from the yelp reviews . we had appetizers of chicken spring rolls , bar-b-q wings and another appetizer that i can 't remember the name . when are meals came , red curry chicken and rice , garlic sauce with chicken and a green curry with chicken . it looked so good i forgot to take pictures ! the food was wonderful and our server laura , was excellent . if you like thai food i highly recommend this gem !
1	we came here for a dinner and had a little of everything . i started with the lychee martinis which was delicious . then we started with the pork buns and the lobster and shrimp spring rolls . both were awesome . for our entrees , we split the wagyu beef , the lobster pad thai and one of the sushi rolls . i think it has spring in the name ? all three were amazing . the wagyu beef was probably the best steak i 've ever had. service there is great as well . word to the wise though , if you really want to enjoy a variety of things make sure you don 't load up on apps which was a mistake .
1	we came on a tuesday where unfortunately , the chefs were not in the kitchen so all that was available was noodles . fortunately , their selection of noodles and buns were fantastic . before we came we we 're thinking " who eats chinese food at vegas ? " afterwards , we were speechless at how amazing the experience was . the owner of the chain was super nice and was really easy to talk to . overall , a well deserved five star for a splendid dining experience .
1	we had a shrimp ramen with vegetable broth which my girlfriend loved . i had the ohjah ramen and it was solid . we received our food quickly and the service was excellent ! we also tried the green tea cheesecake . it didn 't have a strong green tea flavor which i liked . i will be back !
1	we had the pork egg foo young and the seafood with mushrooms and chinese broccoli . both were piping hot and cooked perfectly . the broccoli was al dente and the seafood was just cooked . the flavours were wonderful . service was fast and friendly .
1	we have been waiting for a poke restaurant in gilbert for awhile now . poki point delivers . great food , many options , and friendly service . we went for lunch for their grand opening offer . we were so impressed , we went back for dinner . will definitely be going again very soon . maybe even tomorrow .
1	went on saturday night and the place was packed . we sat at the sushi bar and watched rolls being made as we waited for our food . jesse , our sushi chef , chatted with us and introduced us to some regulars . we never really had to wait too long since jesse could see when we had finished one roll and would promply make another . we were there for around 2 hours and left full ! we ordered 10 or 11 rolls and a few pieces of nigiri between 2 of us and felt we got our moneys worth . everything tasted great and was really fresh . we will be back !
1	we recommend dumplings , pineapple fried rice , spicy noodles. and green curry . homemade coconut ice cream and sticky rice with thai custard ... oh my ! !
1	one of my favorite places to eat in henderson ! authentic thai cuisine ... give it a try you will love it !
1	the udon bowl was perfect and the softshell crab roll the best we 've ever had .
1	" i cannot remember what they are made out of but they are gluten-free and i had them 3 days in a row . i found that may be a little less salt would have better suited me and when i mentioned it to them on my third visit , i was told that they usually sprinkle a little extra himalayan salut when the wrap is on the grill . so i can just ask them not to do this next time and it will be super perfect .
1	yellow combo meat curry was soooo good and the shrimp tom yum was amazing ! loaded with carrots and zucchini , i loved it . that 's one of my fav soups , hard to please me . ordered through grub and it was there in half of the estimated time , which is also awesome because they usually take forever , but it was new year 's day , so i wasn 't leaving my bed lol . pad thai was great as well . a +
1	you can not get a better fish quality and the team / chef are truly proud of their work . i will absolutely come back .
1	you can taste the quality and care in each bite . the girl who took our order was very sweet and very patient with all my questions . the beef and chicken were lean and flavorful . the fried rice and noodles were also very tasty . my favorite was the side salad with the tasty ginger dressing . i can 't wait to go back !
1	you can tell they take great pride in their restaurant . how many times have you gone to a little " hole in the wall " place and the condiments on the table are filthy and well used ? their plastic condiment holders were sparkling clean . their portions were enough for 2 ppl to share . prices are extremely reasonable . i was really surprised at the presentation of every plate . i felt like i was eating at a fancy restaurant downtown . truly a culinary experience that delighted the taste buds . i will most definitely be back many times .
1	you will not miss meat or dairy . i was shocked that the vegan chicken tasted really good in the green curry . i would eat here again and the restaurant is very clean .
1	not only was the sushi innovative and delicious , the cocktails were refreshing and the service was very good . we paced ourselves : starting with the seasonal special watermelon shrimp roll , we then moved ont to the pacific roll and the lobster salmon roll . all were delicious with creative flavor combinations that worked well together . this was an outstanding dining experience that inspires me to find reasons to return to phoenix soon !
1	becarful on the spicy scale they know how to do it right . i love just about everything i 've eaten here . they deliver in the downtown area when they have enough staff to cover the busy tiny restaurant . although its small its cozy , clean , indoor / outdoor seating and friendly round of staff .
1	if you go over the weekend be prepared a bit of a wait . i am a huge sushi fan and this place rates top for me ! ! !
1	but we only just found this one . we ordered the thai cashew pork , chicken pa nang , and the pad thai .. along with thai iced coffees .. excellent food , great friendly service . nice atmosphere . average price per person with drink and appetizers is about $ 17.00 .. an absolute must try ..
1	i 'm picky with my sushi but they 're fish here tasted fresh and was absolutely delectable ! they 're friendly and nice and did i mention it 's delicious ? i 'm super full now and may crap my brain out but it was a pleasurable experience .
1	me and my father go here at least once a week and the service is fantastic each time . oysters are great and come with a tasteful saki sauce . all of the fish is fresh ( i requested to see their order forms , they get new produce thrice weekly . ) and their clear broth soup is fantastic . only downside is the house salad , which is occasionally bitter in respect to the lettuce . i 'd blame this on a bad season for lettuce though as even flemings had this issue .
1	my fav pho place and pad thai chicken curry . cash only establishment , but the prices are great . dishes are usually under $ 10 and portions are massive !
1	had the red curry chicken and it was the most favorable food i have had . also had the chicken noodles and oh my , the noodles cooked perfectly ! the egg rolls are on the small side only had one could have used another .. the place is small and a mom and pop so not fancy but the food was amazing !
1	the food tasted amazing . we got a meat and veggie platter , which came up to $ 16 per person . next time i want to try the veggie platter . it was all delicious and not too spicy . they also give free refills of the bread . the service was awesome . the staff was so kind and friendly . the ambience was decent too . would definitely come back if in the area !
1	i just moved here from mn and we have excellent pho since there are so many transplants from vietnam there . this is just as good as anything else i 've had ; taste of home . the fresh spring rolls and beef pho were out of this world , excellent prices too !
1	we ordered the omakase seafood platter . perfect flavors and portions . the brussel sprouts , cauliflower and amberjack were all incredible . i also highly recommend the sake flights , a wonderful sake trio sampler . we also had the uni and white chocolate , green tea and black sesame gelatos . all were unique , lovely and absolutely scrumptious . love inyo .
1	i showed up near closing and the place looks like a movie set . music very nice piano jazz . lobster was a monster . perfectly prepared . i am looking forward to testing out lunch dim sum . only minor issue . menu only chinese ...
1	got the tori toma and asked for it extra spicy , not sure what spice they brought me but it was on fire . i can honestly say it was everything i hoped for and my wife and i will definitely be return customers .
1	no joke . best thai food i 've ever had , hands down . and the thai iced tea is out of this world .
1	an absolute must try - ideally in between lunch and dinner hours . young is an absolute wonder ! i will definitely be returning on all future trips back home to cecil : ) .
1	the staff are delightful ; every time i 've frequented the place the staff has been jovial and extremely hospitable . if you attempt to custom order a torta from this place you should be flogged publicly . these recipes are master crafted , do not pick and choose random ingredients to add or subtract , just take it as it comes .
1	their cousin of pho is unique and amazingly delicious ! spice level of entrees was the perfect amount of hot .... not too overpowering but with a spicy kick all the same . can 't wait return for a meal .
1	grilled lamb chops and veggies were out of this world ! service was good . prices are very high . either pay them , or go for happy hour !
1	had 3 dishes that were superb . highly recommend ! love boat soup-level 3 spice street 2 noodles- level 1 bc of my wife and the pulled pork steamed buns
1	the sushi chefs are super friendly and make great conversation with the people at the bar . would highly recommend .
1	the mumbo jumbo roll is loaded with fish , deep fried , and absolutely delicious . the sushi chef also sold me on the corona roll , which is yellowtail inside and out topped with slices of jalapeno and lime with a dot a sriracha . a little understaffed tonight , and even sitting at the bar , the service was under par . the quality of the sushi and the coolness of the sushi chef robert more than made up for it . check in specials on yelp as well as foursquare ! new favorite restaurant in the neighborhood . i 'll be back this weekend .
1	blown away by the food and the flavors . haven 't eaten such awesome asian cuisine in a while . a must try for friends visiting montreal ! the staff was very courteous and provided excellent hospitality .
1	seafood is really fresh . thry own crasft beer is delisious ! love this restaurant !
1	made to order omelettes are out of this world , take a look !
1	the pit-stickers are incredibly delicious and bill was very friendly and courteous .
1	everything cooked and seasoned to perfection . spice 5 / 10- had a bite , but not overdone . drunken noodles the best i 've ever had .
1	i just wish you 'd open a place in henderson . i 'd definitely make many more stops .
1	the best japanese restaurant we have done in the us . ask for the japanese scallop .... worth thousands of miles .
1	the service was excellent , food delicious and they even gave me a deep fried ice cream for my birthday ! ! !
1	don 't expect to walk in & walk out in 1 hour . chef prepares sauces on the tables . they are delicious . not like any other hibachi restaurant . chef tiger is hysterical and engages the guests throughout the meal . there are pictures lining the walls of celebrities that have eaten at musashi . can 't say enough about this establishment . we will be back
1	attentive , fast , patient staff . kailin was our server and she was absolutely amazing . been here 3 times , would always recommend . the food is delicious , reasonable pricing , nice atmosphere . good place for a date or a small gathering of friends .
1	i 'm from florida and was visiting my friend in toronto , and this is the best restaurant i 've been to outside of korea . the entire restaurant was filled with korean patrons when we went . my friend and i both lived in korea previously and we both agree it is the best korean we 've had since our time there . both the dol sot bibimbap and the sundubu jiggae were delicious . kimchi was pretty good too . ; )
1	their curries are incredible , their tom yum comes to the table served in a cauldron , their pad thai is spot on . everything is super reasonably priced too , 8-10 $ for dishes with meat . also has a full vegetarian menu with more than just tofu as a protein option . the dining room is very pretty too . excellent date night kind of place . service is fast and fantastic . really can 't say enough good things about this place .
1	been here a few times now and really enjoy the food and they have great , friendly customer service . i use the ritual app to place my orders and it is super quick .
1	been meaning to post this for a while . ordered take away from here for our new years eve meal and everything was incredible . this will be our go to for chinese food going forward . not greasy like all other chinese restaurants tend to be and the flavours were well balanced and overall portions and presentation also well done . also enjoyed the house made sauces .
1	i would go back again and again ... maybe tonight ! ! ! the taste and portion size were fantastic . yung was a great server . he was friendly and attentive . my coworker and i tried it out after we closed down our restaurant for the night and we 're happy we did . we will be back . try the volcano rolls . they were amazing .
1	fast delivery , with hot tasty food . we 'll order from them often in the future .
1	i have never tried this type of food before , frankly before we went i had to look up the name of most of the dishes.thankfully our hosts order a selection of many things on the menu and we enjoyed more of a family style service . everything was an explosion of fresh meats and vegetables . the freshly baked flat breads with the different vegetable based dips , i could have dined on that alone and so wonderfully presented . i can hardly wait to return with more family and friends to introduce them to this culinary experience .
1	the food was spectacular - some of the best sushi i 've had ( and i 've had a lot ) and the service was faultless . we arrived late ( bad traffic , slowest taxi ever ) and had to rush to get to a show - without flinching they brought us their tasting menu in record time . there were dishes that i would not normally have ordered ( including the brussels sprouts ) which were all absolutely fantastic . only wish we 'd had more time to savour each dish . definitely worth the drive off the strip !
1	i 've eaten there now about 5 times and i love it ! they are very friendly and polite . delivery service is great too ! i really didn 't wait very long for my food to be delivered so i was thrilled . hot and sour soup was sooo good ! !
1	i 've lived in the valley for 3 years and have eaten at multiple thai restaurants . this place takes the gold so far . we ordered chicken satay , spicy fried noodles , sa bai fried rice , and the thai eggplant . all were perfect with some sweet heat and really solid portions . the staff was friendly and so was the price ( $ 33 - what ? ! ) . i 'll be back ! ! !
1	large variety and the food was fresh and well presented . the ambience was beautiful which added to the total experience of the sunday brunch . i will definitely go back again .
1	really impressed ! ! ! tons of sushi choices ! ! ! love it ! !
1	cannot get over how spectacular the food and service are , really . we had the mushroom chicken and the sizzling beef . really cannot tell that the veggie meats are plant based ; they are perfectly created and the execution and layers of flavor in the sizzling beef were amazing . waiting for our dessert now , vegan cheesecake with vegan ice cream on top . i 'm pretty sure i died and this is heaven ! ! update : i was right about the cheesecake and ice cream . this is heaven ! !
1	the avocado poke is delicious and hubbs loved his food too .
1	very reasonable prices . i defiantly plan to come again next time i am in vegas !
1	we had the kung pao chicken and potstickers . very delicious and extremely low priced !
1	fresh , unique and tons of choices ... kids loved it too . definitely making this a regular stop .
1	from the noodles to the jasmine green tea , it was wonderful ! my sister and i happened upon this place by chance . it was a wonderful find . i had the vegetable pancakes and the egg and tomato with hand-pulled noodles . my sister had the pork wontons and their signature noodle dish . we were both very happy . our bill in total was $ 29 . we were there at an off time so it was not very crowded , and the wait staff was extremely attentive . it made for a great dinner !
1	great service , food and environment , and value . rare to find all four anymore .
1	great service , great food , and you can 't beat the pricing , especially for a family . oh , and i love the hot tea .
1	not where you want to be if you are looking for rolls or bento boxes . between this and nobu , i 'll take this place for the food if you can get past the rundown strip mall the joint is located in . omakase ( trusting the chef ) @ $ 80 is a great value even if it cannot be described as " cheap " by most standards .
1	i got the seafood soon tofu combo with bulgogi . everything was so delicious . the side dishes were great too ! makes for a very filling and satisfying meal , and the flavor was authentic . definitely will frequently visit for lunch , the prices are great for the amount of food you get . great service , great interior and atmosphere , great food . can 't ask for anything more .
1	i ordered the salmon on cedar and substituted my tomatoes for mushrooms - perfectly seasoned and cooked . i ordered the potatoes as a side dish and they were delicious ! grilled baby potatoes , perfectly seasoned atop a mayo / soy sauce concoction . my date ordered the fried chicken as an appetizer and the wagyu fried rice , he loved both ! i sampled the wagyu and it was top quality . i love the ambiance and decor . not very crowded on a friday night , we were seated immediately . cannot wait to return ! !
1	it 's been over a week since i went and i 'm still raving about it . chinese food with a twist , i guess . ordered roasted duck tacos , pumpkin ravioli ( blew my mind ! ) , truffle fried rice ( truffle and fried rice ? c 'mon , you know it 's gonna be a winner ) , rib-eye steak ( melt in your mouth goodness ) . didn 't find anything wrong with any of those dishes , and the portions were a good size for sharing with one or two other people ( depending on your hunger ) . service was attentive . what 's another way to say highly recommended ? yeah , that .
1	it 's like the jimmy johns of chinese food ! ! ! always so quick , fresh and delicious ! ! ! great spot .
1	just got take out for the first time and i am blown away . i make my own potstickers and i 'm sad to say their momo 's are better than mine . best thing i had was the sadako chicken which had deep flavor and the perfect creeper burn but i would try anything they were cooking up ! the atmosphere is awkward but bring a bunch of friends and make it your own .... or just get take out ! .
1	my boyfriend and i just went here for a late lunch / early dinner so that he could try pho ... he finished his whole bowl ! which was a feat because they give you so much food . i couldn 't even eat half of mine . for about $ 5-6 per massive bowl it 's a great value and so delicious . i had been craving pho for months and finally found a place just a few minutes from home !
1	it beats katsuya in hollywood and brentwood with the amazing brussel sprouts and mushroom bop ! and of course there 's still the old must have-crispy rice with spicy tuna ! best of all was service by matt- best server and new friend ! ! i will be back and will tell all my friends !
1	i order a california roll and the spicy edamame . it was delicious , the best i 've ever had . i 'm already obsessed with the place and i 've only been once . the service was fast and polite , and they all were very attentive to their customers . the prices were more than reasonable . highly recommend this to anyone who loves sushi !
1	i ordered half beef with the works . it came out quickly . i was very intrigued by the toppings . butter , yellow curry , sweet chili , cilantro and sour cream seam like things that wouldn 't go together very well . i was very wrong . it tasted amazing . the prices are very reasonable and the staff was friendly .
1	it 's probably the best place i 've been in montreal for burgers . it 's a small little restaurant and if you 're in the neighborhood or on the plateau , it 's worth a little walk . great place and the 5 stars are completely worth it .
1	also , although coming here with chinese friends definitely helps , the fact that they have a translated version of the chinese menu ( as opposed to just an americanized menu ) means that even if nobody in your group knows chinese you can still order interesting , authentic dishes . that said , definitely come as a group , as large as possible , and sit at one of the tables with a wheel in the center . the portions are large , and its great to share and try different things . personal favorites here are the famous crispy tofu , anything with rice noodles ( they do them perfectly ) , and what they call casseroles in english .
1	the owner is the kindest , gentlest person you will ever meet , who provides exceptional service . the sushi is fresh , delicious nd beautifully presented . this is quickly becoming my favourite sushi place in toronto !
1	reminded me of a hibachi place in new york we used to go to very often , apparently it 's called teppanyaki out here . chefs are friendly and fun , everything comes out cooked perfectly , always juicy and delicious and well seasoned . their ginger sauce is excellent as well . only issue is the soda tastes flat , but come before 6 and take advantage of happy hour specials . $ 5 sake bombs , and not just a single . enough for about 4 bombs worth , with leftover beer ( they give you the larger bottles ) .
1	generous portions , perfect rice , and very fresh . very reasonable . we had take out , and service was speedy and friendly . my new fav place .
1	super cool atmosphere with good music and comfortable seating .
1	sushi chef greets you traditionally in japanese . the fish is fresh and importantly , the sushi rice is perfectly seasoned . have been there a few times since they opened . highly recommend .
1	it was fresh , flavorful , varied , and beautifully prepared . ordered various sashimi at the bar . i grew up in japan , and this place really feels like a true japanese sushi bar . the sushi chef was friendly and helpful when we asked questions .
1	the prices are great , service friendly , and the owner interactive with the guests . add in a very uniquely bowl to go flavor that i will definitely being coming back for . i got spaghetti and italian sausage with a side of spring rolls ( weird right ? ) . i expected some poorly assembled excuse at italian , but instead i found a well crafted asian dish that took the beat of the italian and improves upon it . the spring rolls were good but a little pricey . i also felt that the fountain cups were over priced . next i 'll probably just order like the sign tells me to and get a bowl to go . fantastic .
1	the choocheepla , a fish dish with curry and coconut milk was delicious and the mango salad , fresh and subtle , was one of the best we 'd had . solid pad thai , good soup and cashew chicken rounded out an excellent meal .
1	the boys from island sushi 's poke express came over here . i wondered why island sushi didn 't taste the same . my boys came over this way ! after my workout , this is where i am . so frigggggggggin goood . fish is always fresh and the team seasons and spices it to your taste . love the salmon poke / ponzu sauce. friggin amazeeee-balls .
1	the fish is fresh . the restaurant has a great feel but is way cheaper than traditional sushi . the value for a medium and large bowl is excellent . the sushi combo with a bowl is a great deal as well . try the black rice ! you can get a basic roll like philadelphia or california for $ 5 ! i know you care for a bowl but their sushi rolls were top notch and just as good as any local sushi restaurant . genius idea . eat here ! !
1	put simply , this was by far the best noodles i have ever had and the sushi that we ordered was quite fresh . fantastic food and absolutely excellent service ! thank you !
1	we have loved absolutely everything we have tried here and recommend everything ! ! great place with quick & attentive service - we have made this our " go to " vietnamese place !
1	we tried the gamja-tang and the bibimbap . flavorful dishes in an impeccably clean family-run restaurant . the prices were very reasonable as well . a bonus for the complimentary corn tea . restaurants like this deserve greater coverage .
1	wifey had the bento box which is her staple . i was a first timer and went with the bacon cheeseburgushi which was mind blowingly good . can 't wait to get back here again .
1	wonderful staff , incredible and different rolls . you won 't want to dip anything in soy sauce here . we 've been going to the same sushi bar for many years , but we 'll be going here from now on even though it 's farther away . definitely get the yellow daddy roll !
1	all dim sum is fresh and homemade , all amazing . there was nothing we didn 't love . three of us went , we each had a beer and we shared seven dim sum and some noodles between us . bill came to £ 42 , great value for amazing food . best food i 've had in edinburgh .
1	services are always amazing and the place is good enough that it 's not crowded at all . they have one of the best side dishes especially that radish and bean sprout ! always purple rice which makes you feel more special since it 's not your typical white rice . i love their bulgogi with rice because the meat is so tender and the sauce is just the right flavoring ! my friends have tried their soup and all gave amazing reviews as well ! overall 10 / 10 would definitely recommend !
1	the family is kampampangan and you will definitely love each meal . we went there a few minutes before closing and they gave us free meals that are all sooo good . everyone is so nice and friendly and definitely a place we will come back to . homesickness cured for now ! burp ! ! !
1	this place is by far the best poke spot in north scottsdale conveniently located off the 101 and pima . too many great things to list and the ingredient combos are perfect .. check it out and you won 't be disappointed ! !
1	the food speaks for itself . the food is fresh and is served hot and with a warm smile ! if you 're in the area , you must stop in for a quick bite . the prices are very reasonable considering how much you 're getting . perfect mix of quality and quantity ! !
1	consistently authentic asian food . i 've tried several asian places ( i love fried rice ) and they always do it best .
1	the décor is incredible and although the restaurant is big , it 's still intimate because the tables are located on different levels . we had the lobster wontons in broth and both ordered the wasabi crusted filet . excellent food bursting with flavor . my husband normally doesn 't eat seafood and he loved the lobster wontons . with the purchase of a main entrée , you do get access to the nightclub , but we were too tired to go at the end of the day . servers are very knowledgeable and professional . hostesses are gorgeous but very friendly .
1	the crunchy red spider roll was the best thing i have eaten in my entire life . it was so good , i started crying . get the lychee martini ! ! ! ! ! ! so good !
1	the staff will go above and beyond to create a pleasant experience . thumbs up to the management as they lead by example . breakfast all american buffet isn 't very good but the sushi is delish !
1	she was very patient with us , let us taste multiple foods to decide what we wanted , made us fresh food after 8pm instead of saying they were out of it for the day , put all the soy sauce and sweet n sour sauce in our bag without us even asking , was very sweet and friendly and smiling . i wish more businesses had workers and customer service like her . thank you !
1	the ramen was amazing . my two boys , a one year old and 12 year old loved it . we tried the miso broth and it was great . the fried rice was so good we ordered another one to take home . the service was great ( thank you neil ! ) and we didn 't wait long . i 'll be back with my parents and in-laws soon .
1	staff was very kind and helpful . my wife and i basically licked our plates clean . i think we just found our favorite restaurant . we will be back soon , mos def .
1	was shocked how much food there was . definitely be coming back ! !
1	chinese food with a hawaiian twist . they 're crispy kau chee is my absolute favorite . they 're pork ribs are so good too . the service was great , never let our water cups get completely empty . extremely nice people .
1	food is delicious and everyone is friendly . whether it 's lunch or dinner they have a great selection . best korean bbq place and been to in vegas and the best price
1	terrific experience ordering from them , i actually spend a lot of my time next door at pho kinh do , and they were very generous to deliver the food over to us ! the texture of their noodles are perfect . i see a lot of reviews complaining about the texture of the chashu , i however , absolutely love it ! would definitely recommend this spot to all my friends !
1	we were looking for a mongolian restaurant , and what we found was an all around great buffet ! the buffet featured fresh meats , chicken , beef , several fish types , and multiple types of shrimp . the vegetables were all very fresh and clean as well . along with the mongolian the buffet featured multiple chinese dishes , sushi , and desserts including an ice cream bar . i would recommend this to anyone looking for a great place to eat with very decent prices ! ! ! also for parents , the salt water fish tank is a great distraction , as is the play area , and children eat at very reduced prices .
1	for my first time the food was amazing and the staff was incredible . i 'll definitely be going back .
1	great sauce , and the best part , great level of char . went when the olympics were on their television , and had a great talk with the waiters and waitresses about what was on the tele . portions were huge for my friends bi bim bap and soup . easily got a ban chan refill , and thanks to the bottles they give you , your practically never run out of water . definitely recommend , but word of warning , the korea town ka chi does not have kalbi for some reason , so i definitely prefer this one to that one .
1	loved the garlic chicken , a great staff and was very clean ...
1	had the seafood ciopino with crab , mussels , clams , and fish over fettuccini noodles . only 5 tables in this small pasta shop so there is a wait for a table sometimes but the wait is worth it
1	me and a couple of 3 other buddies decided to stop here and did the egg roll check - in special . service was so nice they threw in 2 extra ones at no cost . best place after a hangover to enjoy some authentic vietnamese food . we were thinking about stopping by the other highly reviewed vietnamese restaurant on yelp , but ended up here on accident since our original place was hard to find . good mistake . would come back again .
1	the owner and operator is a chef himself and has a beautifully oiled machine that is this restaurant . highly recommended to anyone seeking a beautiful meal with a knowledgeable staff . 5 stars !
1	all the rolls were very good ! birthday dinner was a success ! would definitely come back !
1	i ordered a bit late last evening for delivery and amy was incredibly gracious and kind . the person who delivered the food was also very kind and sweet . she delivered in the time that was quoted over the phone and even with a few extra perks free of charge . the food was great - very flavorful and hot ! we 'll definitely order from hot wok again ! thank you so much to the staff for your excellent service all around . : ) it really made my family 's night ... thank you again ! ! !
1	staff were helpful . even cut open our crabs for us . the food was devine . can 't wait to go back !
1	sushi is spot on and well played . the specialty rolls are unique and delicious . great ambiance . friendly and helpful staff . best meal i 've had in vegas this far .
1	we recently moved back to az from the san jose area and i can tell you thai chili 's food beats any thai food we found in san jose , san mateo , fremont , and newark . and they remembered exactly what we used to order nearly a year ago . try the food and if you 're not familiar with thai , ask them for a recommendation and you won 't be disappointed .
1	the food was delicious ! i had the kimchi soon tofu soup and i loved it ! the best is that it comes with bean rice something most korean restaurants don 't serve ! the side dishes were also absolutely great ! we went for lunch on a saturday and they had no problem seating all 5 of us . i also have to note for those with nut allergies . feel free to come here ! they do not cook with any nuts according to the waiter and my friend had no problem eating here ! for the price , the quality and quantity of food is absolutely perfect !
1	the waiter named long , was superb . he told me what to eat and that was exactly what i love - spicy fish soup . i was orgasmic - it 's not even funny ! ! ! the day before i watched the guy in the other there restaurant handling over 50 customers along and everyone was happy . thanks long and délicieux xian ! ! !
1	the furikake chicken and korean chicken is super moist and tasty . the roast pork has the right amount of salt / pepper on the edges which also seeps into the middle too . the kalbi is huge and thick . this is a must stop ! ! !
1	love the curry - usually get chicken katsu and cheese . have tried a few other delicious meals , but always come back to the mainstay ! the people here are the best - always friendly and anxious to help . always a joy stopping in !
1	well , in the usa that i have been to . the squid and leeks in black bean sauce , the fried oysters in xoxo sauce , the crab kalhoon style , and several other dishes are so good. the hot and sour soup is done perfectly and served at a perfect temperature . their egg drop soup is also very very good . it is authentic chinese food and they have several fresh seafood options coming directly from several tanks right in front of you . great prices , and one of my favorite restaurants in phoenix area altogether . recently moved from phoenix to oakland area of california . wish i could have brought my nee house .
1	and the tofu salad was so delicious ! ! ! you must eat here if u love japanese curry ... this place is the best in vegas and ridiculously affordable !
1	i think next time i 'll just stick to shrimp and chicken as i am not a huge pork fan . there was soooo much meat and vegetables and eggs i couldn 't believe i had spending at least $ 5 more for siri thai down the street . definitely will be back
1	absolutely hands down the best pho i have ever eaten and the spring rolls are to die for ... will continue to go back here when im in the area .
1	always very clean . consistent with food and service . and they serve booze ! ! ! : )
1	not to mention great atmosphere , service & it was busy . without being unbearable crowded , perfect for our sunday night . highly recommended , definitely a regular for us now ever time we 're in vegas .
1	multiple people besides our waiter stopped by our table to see what we needed and serve our food , and each person knew exactly what to ask , with excellent timing . even the high end " chef on tv " restaurants in las vegas could learn from these guys . i had the szechuan shrimp , vegetable fried rice , and crisp-fried beef roll for an appetizer . all were excellent and good portion size . i really wanted to try a dessert but had no room left . i also like the fact that between the booths is a piece of glass . i didn 't have to hear the conversations on either side of me . nice touch .
1	i enjoyed every bite of it . great service !
1	we are never disappointed whenever we go ! ! ! our favorite are the singapore rice noodles ! the staff is always so friendly and accommodating .
1	absolutely heavenly silky noodles in slightly salty broth with tender fatty pork good enough for the most discriminating asian palette .
1	buyer beware ... nah just kidding . i just want it all to myself ! this is now officially our default sushi place to go to . sushi is so fresh it just melts in your mouth . prices are great too when you factor in the large portions . be sure to check out this place before reservations become a must . love love love ! ! !
1	vegan is the way to go . green really allows new vegans to experiment with something incredibly realistic and delicious . not to mention their dessert spot is to die for , but not literally because no animals had to die for it to be this good ! ! ! ! !
1	chef akira is absolutely a genius . the flavor profiles are amazing . the portions may be small but that 's because each dish is handcrafted and loaded with flavor . hands down amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! this is a must !
1	definitely a hidden gem of the east side of town . food is deliciously fresh and well prepared and the service is excellent . the prices are also very low for the quality / service .
1	my wife and i had a date night that started at top shot in las vegas ( incredible shooting ) & tried galanga thai eatery for the first time . this is our new go to thai restaurant ! we loved it ! keep winning , galanga ! # winwithron
1	worth the wait in any line under three hours . head to john street for a few pints ; you won 't regret it . best thai food i have had in toronto , or anywhere , ever .
1	a truly talented chef who puts passion into his food and unconditional great service from the staff both make this restaurant a definite 5 star dining establishment . you just have to try it for yourself !
1	each bite is full of texture and much appreciated flavor ! ! i would definitely come back . in fact i might go back tomorrow . the ambiance is nice , the waitresses are great and it is worth trying one of every kind !
1	first , they opened early for us . then , they provided incredible suggestions for what to order . everything tasted great . i made me wish i still lived down here , so i could be a regular .
1	the high stakes roll is worth every penny with that a5 wagyu and truffle oil . the complexity of flavors is absolutely masterful and is 5 stars all the way down to presentation and execution . every single roll or dish i 've had here has surpassed expectations . order anything , it 's going to be amazing . the service has been impeccable with friendly , knowledgeable and attentive staff , and the entertainment is on par . they have a show where all the staff participate in dancing and singing and involving the guests . the whole experience from walking through the door to leaving has been amazing . highly recommended , will dine again .
1	food was delicious . tasted very authentic . service was very good . the owner came by our table and spent some time with us talking about the restaurant . we felt very welcomed . we were even offered a drink on the house . bonus ! ! ! we got to experience a blessing ceremony that happens once a year , what an incredible experience ! we will defiantly be back ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1	we got the uni with tomato cream and it was among the best pasta dishes we have ever had . fresh made pasta in house- and the sauce is to die for ! service was wonderful and attentive .
1	great service , great food , great prices . definitely worth every penny !
1	i am trying out veganism and wow , this is the go to place ! ! the have a crispy tofu bowl , and vegan sauces , everything was crazy fresh . and not to mention , the staff member helping me ( daniel or mike i can 't remember ha ) was so knowledgable about the food and the ingredients and was very kind and patient with my questions and nutritional needs : ) this is my new go to place ! !
1	i had the sweet and sour chicken . my new favorite place . they are busy . came down in a saturday night around 7pm . busy . the cashew chicken was also good .
1	you have to try the slaw it may be one of the best things i have eaten . the flavours are very complex but meld together deliciously . all of the food was scrumptious . the ambiance and decor is also lovely . the service was couldn 't be better . all in all a very memorable meal .
1	sit outside in the garden on a nice day . friendly waiters . delicious and innovative food . creative takes on traditional foods . slightly more expensive than i wanted but worth it . coming back my next time in montreal .
1	.. the sushi bomb roll was hands down the best ! service was good and atmosphere was nice . we will make this our weekly tuesday date night spot
1	the ambiance , food , cocktails , and hospitality are all exceptional . i 've been in charlotte for two years and haven 't found anything that tops this place !
1	the food is fresh presentation is sublime and staff is so friendly . hands down one of my favorite restaurants in town it is such a hidden gem . if you have time try the kazeiki menu just order ahead of time
1	the presentation was beautiful , excellent service , relaxing decor and extremely clean . the prices were reasonable and everything tasted very fresh . best spicy tuna roll , salad , and pink lady we 've ever had . i was also pleasantly surprised to find they serve beer , wine and saki , though i wish they served mixed drinks as well . overall though , this was the best sushi i 've had in years and by far blows all the other local sushi places out of the water . very impressed .
1	vibes are amazing and food is great . nicely priced and the drink menu is extensive and full of variety .
1	we arrived shortly before closing ( about half an hour ) and were greeted by a very friendly staff who were very courteous . service was quick and very good and the food was excellent . i had the chicken biryani and my date had the chicken vindalu , medium spice . definitely a place we 'll visit again .
1	we have ordered from unami 3 times and each time has been perfection ! the food is delicious . the rolls are packed and just so good . the staff is so friendly and accommodating . we have only ordered for pick up but i can 't wait to dine in . they 're very reasonably priced . this is our new favorite and go to sushi place . i can 't say enough great things about them ! thank you unami ! ! !
1	went with another couple and had a great time . at first , cooking your own food seemed unpleasant . after getting used to the grill and how the food cooks it was fun . the meat that is brought to your table is fresh and taste amazing . for all you can eat this place is absolutely ridiculous . can 't remember our servers name but she was awesome as well . going back soon and with a bigger party .
1	when i heard that there is a high quality omakase sushi place in nevada , i was extremely skeptical . but needless to say , i fely it was worth every penny . the staff explains to you where everything comes from , and how to eat certain things , and even in a certain order for maximum enjoyment . if you order the kabuto course , you get to choose two pieces of fish at the end as well . make sure you make reservations well in advance . this is a high demand place with not a lot of seating .
1	i love everything about this place . clean bright atmosphere , super friendly and accommodating staff ! the food is consistently yummy . ever since i tried it i 've been back several times a week .
1	whether it be the katsu on rice or katsu burger , fat ninja bite is delicious ! their portions are very generous and the fried chicken or pork is very well done . it is not too oily and they have a good ratio of meat to carbs to veggies . i definitely recommend the katsu rice for a more traditional take on katsu don . if you 're feeling adventurous , the katsu burger is also quite delicious .
1	gotta try the sss and alex 's munchies if stopping by . people are nice and the food is always on point .
1	the owner is so friendly and you can really tell shes passionate about her shop and her products . we tried all her recommendations and it was amazing . we got the rose tea , chrysanthemum tea , and the jujube tea . we also got this small pizza with cheese and cereal powder and honey - sounds weird but tastes amazing . the owner also gave us two little free cookies . the ambiance is super relaxing and perfect for you and your friend to catch up or on a date with your boyfriend / girlfriend . next time i come here , i 'll definitely be trying the soju drinks !
1	it 's more expensive than most but they have a bigger selection including a whole fresh seafood section . the dim sum was great ; the pork dumplings were phenomenal . and the pho was so good , some of the best broth i 've ever had . worth the wait !
1	great food , friendly people , don 't want to say too much but you definitely should try it ; )
1	plan to wait in line . we ended up being the last served for the day , very lucky of us .
1	my favorite bbq in the city . i always make sure to get a whole rack and extra sauce to put on things throughout the week . take out only and make sure to get in early before they run out
1	their portions are generous . i love their wonton soup and the poo poo platter . no matter what we order we have never been disappointed . my husband tends to order a different entree every time we go to try out new things and i stick to the sweet and sour chicken to share with our 6 year old and taste whatever he ordered . the thing i love about the sweet and our chicken is that it 's lightly breaded and not greasy , their sweet and sour sauce is delish and the veggies are nice and crisp . can 't say enough about this place . no need to look for another thai place in the valley this is it !
1	sushi is alway fresh but more importantly it 's fast .
1	5 stars for the food , but also for the ambience and fantastic service . the red curry chicken with lychee was amazing . i am a thai food lover and haven 't ever tried red curry prepared in that way . delicious ! we also ordered a basil stir fry chicken which was also amazing . and for drinks , i 'd recommend the lychee martini . we were served by the owner , who is a wonderful , friendly man and makes you feel like a guest in his home . at the end of our meal , he introduced us to the chef sasi ( who is his wife ) and we had the opportunity to compliment her on the lovely meal .
1	i always get the philly rolls as an appetizer and the filet and lobster as the meal . soup is off tha chain and the vegetables are delicious with the main dish . lobster is always cooked perfect and tender !
1	great food and service ! after the renovation the place looks even better ! super stylish ! favorite item is their dol sot bimbimbap !
1	pad thai is my all time favorite dish ! my husband and i always get our favorites and then a new dish to try ! never unhappy and i love the girls there ! it 's a perfect date night spot !
1	the broth for the vegetable pho is so flavorful and no matter what i order , i am never disappointed . so glad i found this place ! beats the other pho places in the tempe area .
1	i can honestly say it is the best place around for asian food . the service is always great and attentive , the owner is always present and checking on guests , and the food is always made perfectly . i will be a lifelong patron of this amazing place .
1	owner is so friendly , and a wonderful chef ! the tom ka soup is my favorite ..... flavorful , rich and delicious .
1	at one point it was lunch every day . the food is great and the combos are great for less than $ 5 , including a drink ! this one has rarely gotten my order wrong , but i 've never paid for something i didn 't receive .
1	the food was so delicious , and all of the employees were incredibly kind and pleasant . however , they seemed a bit unorganized at times , as multiple different servers were trying to help us , and it took quite a while for the food to come out . i chalked this up to the fact that the restaurant is very new , and maybe all of the kinks aren 't quite worked out yet . overall , it was a great experience with excellent food , and we had a lot of fun !
1	we are vegetarians and jeffer was able to completely design an amazing meal for us . all their sauces & tofu are made in house which is incredible . the dining experience and the service was impeccable . i highly recommend shibuya !
1	i work in a casino where chef anthony zappola was the executive chef , he is charming and quite but i never knew his rice bowls were explosive with deliciousness . this plaza across from desert breeze park is home to zaytoons mediterranean deli , the other mama and other great food spots , but the rice shop is definitely a must eat in this plaza . i was blown away , the leafy green salads were super fresh with home made dressings made from scratch . the miso sesame + wasabi ranch + chinese black bean vinaigrette were all superb ! the rice bowls were perfect in every way !
1	there was not one dish that we got that was not delicious . and , the secret sangria was excellent , and obviously a favorite because i had four . definitely a must if you 're looking for an out-of-the-way spot , with an intimate setting . perfect for a date . it was date night with my husband , and nittaya 's was totally his idea . i was so pleased with his selection .
1	the food was great although the cesar salad was a bad luck for me . the waitress alex was fantastic . love this place .
1	food quality was superb with all the vegetables seasoned and cooked to perfection . i will surely be back !
1	we got the gangnam combo for 2 people , and it was way more food than we could finish . it 's like the amount of food you would feed 2 hungry men . the meats were tender and juicy , and the leftovers that we finished later that night tasted just as good , if not better . the service was excellent . our food came within a blink of an eye . and the dishes just kept coming and coming . they definitely waste no time on keeping things running , since this place gets super busy .
1	i purchased the mame cha-shu ramen . it was really flavorful from start to finish . our waitress debi was very friendly ! i would definitely recommend this spot to anyone ! coming back for sure .
1	most authentic food besides home food ! atmosphere was welcoming and the food was fantastic ! i had the pad kee mow with tofu and it was just ..... yum . my friend had the chicken pad thai and that was just ...... yum . if you like thai tea .... get it . so perfect !
1	the decor is meh ... but the service and food were excellent . we had the fresh spring roll with crab and shrimp and they were very good alongside some of the best pb sauce i 've ever had . next i had the pho with beef and the portion was huge and tasty ! we drove 20 min out of our way to try this place and we were not dissapointed , we 'll be back again driving even further out of our way next week . : )
1	the miso ramen and broth was amazing . the place gets very busy with lineups outside of the door often .
1	the portions are big ! we got kung pao , sesame chicken and chow mein everything was delicious ! definitely recommend this place !
1	went on the basis of yelp reviews and was thoroughly impressed . had the short rib banh mi and a fried chicken steamed bao . the sandwiches were crunchy / steamed , veggies deliciously pickled and / or fresh and the meat well seasoned . also very inexpensive . didn 't bother trying the fries but the sandwiches were good enough that i made an extra trip there prior to flying out to take something on the plane
1	which is surprising because nothing can compare to socal kbbq , but this will keep me happy until the next time i can take a trip next door to la . service was great and food was brought out quickly ! ban chan was delicious . they were quick to refill them as well . menu is simple enough and have amazing bbq lunch specials . bulgogi is marinated well and the dwaeji bulgogi has just the right kick ! will definitely be back to try out the rest of the menu !
1	will be returning for sure ! so worth it ! you get your protein veggies and carb all in one meal .
1	i had a california roll , cucumber salad , miso soup , and a glass of fuji apple sake . the food was so fresh and satisfying . and the cold sake , recommended by the server was so delicious ! great place , and fair prices .
1	the restaurant has a nice atmosphere and plenty of seating . the fish was unbelievably fresh and delicious . serving size was plentiful and the prices were low . definitely a bang for your buck ! i highly recommend trying this place out if you 're a sushi lover . it 's a fun experience and isn 't too tough on the wallet .
1	conveniently located by bathurst station , it is a must try for cheese and korean food lovers . i will definitely be visiting again .
1	very friendly staff . warm and clean decor . will certainly be back to try more from the menu .
1	we had papaya salad , basil fries rice and fresh garlic tofu . kids had chicken satay and chicken noodle soup . all were happy . already planning our next visit . oh - service was great as well . went there a second time ( same lv trip ) and they messed up some of my order . the kids dish came out spicy and the tofu in ours was fried when we didnt ask for it . to be fair we weren 't explicit about it but then we werent asked either . still going with 5 stars as the food was delicious .
1	absolutely loved the food , i 'm looking forward to going back and bringing more people !
1	we stopped for lunch while driving north through las vagas and we loved it soo much we stopped again on our return trip . better than anything in san diego !
1	the price was so affordable and the portions were huge ! the chilli beef and hakka noodles were definitely my favorite . the beef was extremely tender and well seasoned . i 'm really glad we stumbled upon this place ! we also ordered a hot garlic chicken and the flavor was really unique- sort of tangy with a hint of spice . tip : definitely get the chili beef dry , so good !
1	so much food that i had to bring half back to the hotel . the sticky rice and mango was amazing !
1	absolutely loved this place. all the rolls were great , the yum yum crab we had seconds. also loved the ahi tuna. personally i would avoid the uni ( sea urchin ) not a fan of that one. staff friendly and attentive .
1	definitely will be back ! this is the second pho place i 've tried in tempe since i live on the west side of town and it 's the best . better the unphogettable ! highly recommend to anyone very friendly and fast service .
1	had the pork bun and cucumber salad . the service was wonderful , atmosphere very inviting and really lived the esthetic of the whole place . definitely would recommend for anyone who loves baos .
1	i had a great time . the meat was cooked perfectly , but traditionally , the meat is quite salty so get ready to load up on sodium . the caipirinhas are strong , as they should be , for $ 8 for a tiny glass . dessert was good , even though i have no idea how we made room for this . i 've heard people saying that even though it is " all you can eat , " the service slows down after you 've been there for a while . i disagree , we were there for an embarrassing amount of time , and the meat just kept coming . i will go again the next time we visit montreal .
1	must try the crispy rice and spicy tuna ! ! ! def would recommend ! !
1	my girlfriend and i are big fans of thai food , and this place is our favorite out of all the other restaurants we 've been to. pineapple curry with chicken is phenomenal same goes for the mango and shrimp .
1	so authentic ! i had the kimchi fried rice and the beef and pork dumplings ! i 'm itching to get back to toronto to go back to this place . oh and as a treat ... eat the fortune cookie ! don 't ask why ... just do it and thank me later !
1	super affordable and awesome variety ! we took our two little ones who are 7 and 4 . they loved the tempura sushi and also the fruit and potstickers ! the conveyer belt is such a cute idea ! it was such an enjoyable experience ! the food was really fresh ! there wasn 't a dish i tried that i didn 't like ! we definitely will be visiting again and hopefully soon ! we went on a saturday night and it was packed which is probably why the food was super fresh . my favorite is salmon and there were so many salmon dishes to choose from ! i definitely recommend this place !
1	the flavors were perfect down to the side dishes . it 's a bit pricey , but i can 't complain about anything .
1	went to try it out for my boyfriend 's birthday . ordered lots of great things including the special tibetan fried rice ( tasted like an amazing home cooked meal ) , the pan fried chicken momos , the deep fried beef momos , the fluffy steamed buns and the vegetarian manchurian . all the dishes were so flavourful . the steamed buns so moist and fluffy , the momos ridiculously good . the thing i appreciated most is nothing tasted greasy ! and to boot , the owner treated us so amazingly ! would 100 % come back or order for pick up as they get busy really quickly for dinner .
1	we ordered one of everything on the menu , literally ! ! ! highly satisfied ! ! def order the puff pastries with veggies in them , it 's under the appetizers i will def return !
1	we ordered sushi which was beautifully presented and tasted fresh . we also got the lobster , pork belly , and pork ribs , everything tasted amazing and had so much flavor . the service here is impeccable . i will recommend to try this restaurant at least once .
1	authentic ramen just like in japan . outstanding beautiful plates , excellent service , polite and fast . all our dishes were outstanding . loved the food and the experience .
1	i will be going back to it is fantastic between the wide variety of food and a comfortable environment .
1	the groupon three course menu was generous and delicious . one of the best groupons we 've ever used anywhere . each course had a standard favourite like the incredible glazed shrimp and something a little different . the dessert cheesecake was beautiful and sumptuous . the seating is private and romantic and the servers were friendly , efficient , and helpful . we were visiting from vancouver bc where we are spoiled with fantastic japanese restaurants and we think this one is excellent . i hope this menu is available the next time we 're in town .
1	absolutely loved this restaurant ... try the ginger roll , general tso tofu and the chicken with green bean ...... service is wonderful , nice atmosphere and plenty of parking if you don 't mind the strip mall ... i highly recommend this place ! ! ! ! !
1	highly recommended it has great food , ambiance and service . would definitely go again ! !
1	my only complaint is that it feels a little claustrophobic when the restaurant is full .
1	fresh wasabi has to be the best sushi in phoenix , hands down . every time i visit , i always start with the lobster bake roll . oh my , so good . the staff is always friendly & ready to answer any questions you may have . the atmosphere is very pleasant . i never have to yell to talk to my co sushi lovers like some other sushi joints around town .
1	food is awesome . desserts are epic ! ! ! ask to be seated in christine 's section . she 's the best server ever ! ! ! top notch service and super friendly .
1	so if you are in a hurry it will take longer to get order if it 's one person taking orders and cooking : / will be back next week when i have a good hour to spend on lunch : ) try the raw tacos ! ! ! ! ! !
1	absolutely love ichi ban i go as often as possible , i currently hold the record over there for eatting the most sushi period they treat me like family and anyone else that visits them the sushi chef johnny is just amazing he 's fast and very very polite and very talkitive to his customers i recomend ichiban as the best around a must do for all you japanese food fans
1	best sushi i 've had in las vegas so far ! big , hearty rolls , i love it and make an effort to get down there weekly , i live in summerlin but it 's worth the drive ! !
1	finally a ramen place in our neighborhood . food is delicious , i got the kimchi ramen . just the right amount of spices . very cool ambience and the staff is super friendly .
1	amazing thai food . ambience is great . service is impeccable . i 've been here multiple times and have never been less than thrilled . portions are large too .
1	i meet here with my brother once a week for sushi .
1	food is always amazing ! don 't expect any great service , it 's a very interesting environment to say the least .
1	one of my favorite sushi places in vegas ... they have super fresh fish and awesome rolls , they are a little expensive but i dont mind paying for quality , never have. the sushi chefs easily easily are the coolest in the entire valley imo , very friendly outgoing and love doing sake bombs with the parties that come in and buy rounds , great to see everyone having a fun time ... although a tipsy chef wielding a 15 " blade doesnt sound too safe , its worth the risk ! best albacore belly and yellowtail belly ive ever eaten .
1	one of the best ramen places in vegas , hands down . everyone in this restaurant is so friendly ! greeted very promptly and our waitress was very attentive . food came out quick ! was pleasantly surprised . i highly recommend the jinya bun ! delicious . all in all , i will definitely be returning . friendly , quick service and great food !
1	small and cozy environment . i always get the chicken curry katsu and it never disappoints me . also the staff is very friendly ! !
1	so many unique options to experience . the service is spectacular ! ! it 's very clean and beautiful inside entire restaurant including facilities . would recommend to everyone . vegan and vegetarian options available i go all the time !
1	they have amazing short ribs , great potions , very reasonable price , and super friendly owners ! highly recommend this place for someone who like japanese or korean style food . don 't forget to pick up your rewards card when you 're here !
1	they 're egg drop soup is delicious and the owners are the friendliest , most courteous people you will ever meet , always on time when they deliver , highly recommend them , great food and great service , what more do you want ! lol
1	when you first walk in , the smell of that rich , luxuriant , delicious broth fills your nostrils , and you 're overcome with an overwhelming sense of peace and happiness ; you know you belong here . you get your food , and everything else fades into the background . boss gave you shit today ? doesn 't matter , got pho . bills overdue ? doesn 't matter , got pho . kids on your nerves ? doesn 't matter , got pho . seriously , you have to try this place .
1	my family has been coming here for years and it never gets old . the best tool to order is the popcorn lobster ! !
1	we come here every wednesday and feel apart of the enso family !
1	my co-workers and i have become regulars here because we can 't ever get enough of it . it 's quite a drive for me but i go the distance at least once a week because it 's so good ! i 've tried other poke places and not a single one comes close to how good this is . always fresh and their choices are great ! a gentleman named chris usually helps me when i 'm there and he is amazing ! remembers my name every time and always makes me feel welcome ! if you haven 't tried it , you 're missing out !
1	everything is made fresh right there and you can even watch them make it behind the glass . coming from a family that likes to cook and make food ourselves , the fact that my whole family will come here for breakfast or brunch on a weekend tells you how good they are . even people from hong kong or asia who come here are impressed by how clean and fresh and yummy it is here . cannot recommend this place enough .
1	this place has an expansive menu and the offerings are very tasty to say the least . i have eaten here 3 times now and they are quite consistent . there is only one chef so it makes sense . very pleasant gentleman also . fresh ingredients and lots of tlc . portions are spot on and prices are very resonable . this is now my go-to asian restaurant in town . he covers korean , japanese and chinese .
1	i have lived in az for over ten years and gave up on finding an authentic japanese restaurant years ago . i was so excited and pleasantly surprised to stumble upon dozo . fantastic variety on the menu and food is fresh . beware ... this place is popular . we were there on a wednesday night and there wasn 't an empty seat in the restaurant . service was a bit slow because of it but well worth the wait !
1	amazing food great service best thai food i 've ever had . beef jerky is a must try . my fiancé and had our first date here and we continue to come here to eat . love it
1	will be back for the bites soon . the cats are very much at home and relaxed here , great place for them , and very relaxing place for people .
1	i recommend going there with a few friends and eating in as it is a good experience . the real quality of the restaurant is the food though . cheap and tasty .
1	you 'll definitely need to call ahead and get a reservation but it will be worth it .
1	such a nice change from the all the strip cliché !
1	been to the gilbert and chandler locations many times and they never disappoint . sushi rolls have a great combination of flavors .. many rolls have fish / veggies inside and outside the actual roll . you can 't beat the quality , taste , and price . the staff is very attentive and you even get to enjoy a complimentary dessert that is light and a very pretty actually : )
1	i have been a regular customer for about four years , and pho kim is my favorite sushi in pittsburgh . the staff is always so kind and polite . the owners regularly acknowledge and show that they appreciate our patronage . even when this quaint restaurant is packed , the wait for a table or food has never been very long .
1	angela and her staff are amazing and always go above and beyond . i am celiac and there are very few restaurants i can trust to eat at . the personalized experience i have received , in addition to their understanding of my allergy , is impeccable . not only that , but their sushi is fresh and always consistent . thank you raaw !
1	been coming here since i was 11 ! everything & i mean everything is delish here . service is extremely good for a busy spot . i love this place , & i 'll always keep coming back .
1	i am a huge fan of rice bowls to begin with and this place has an awesome way of putting one together . i highly recommend the " rumbi rice " over the rest of the choices for your bowl . the thing about this place is you design your bowl the way you want it and that island flavor is great ! if you are in this vicinity try this place ! !
1	we have been on multiple occasions and the food is delicious every time : ) our favorites are the crispy spring rolls , chicken cabbage salad , pho w / rare beef and brisket and the salt and pepper chicken . saigon has been the perfect setting for a girls night out , date night and is also very family friendly . tonight we sat outside with our 7 year old daughter and listened to music while enjoying our meal ... so much fun ! ! : )
1	we have been coming here since it opened and won 't go anywhere else for sushi . the fish is flown in daily , and is always fresh . my favorite rolls are the lava roll ( super fresh upgraded version of a rainbow ) , bikini roll ( no rice , lots of fish ) , and timmy roll ( soft shell crab and salmon ) . also try the pimp my roll ! it gets crowded on friday nights , so make sure to come in early for faster service ! service is excellent , they always remember our special rolls and drinks .
1	we have been searching for our sushi spot because we had the best place back in utah ! i have yet to find a place that even compares to our go to in utah , until now ! the restaurant is really cool and trendy . the food is amazing ! i am kind of a sushi snob and was super impressed by their selection . i look for sushi that holds flavor all on it 's own without having to use soy sauce , wasabi or ginger and they mastered that . i also am very big on presentation and the quality of the roll itself and they nailed it here too ! worth checking out !
1	the food is exceptional and the service was impeccable . the servers were exceptionally polite and very attentive throughout our meal . the sushi was phenomenal and we loved the music . will def be going back sometime soon . the place was packed and yet it didn 't seem like any of the staff was overwhelmed . great time .
1	always consistently great . the katsu and chicken teriyaki are my favorite .
1	got one of the tonkotsus but should have made my one combo as it didn 't come with ramen noodles but more of a rice noodle . everything else was great
1	the broth has a very clean , non-fatty taste which i love ! ! egg rolls are tasty and the the pho is wonderful ! i usually go to jennipho but since this location is closer to my house ill frequent here now . i do wish they had an option where i could build my own pho .
1	everything is always fresh and high quality . can 't beat the lunch specials and the portions are shareable . i havn 't found anything that i don 't like , i 've tried .
1	have been twice already and each time was perfect . warm and friendly . a must if you like great food and great service
1	customer service is always very nice . they make my children feel welcomed everytime we go in .
1	the food here at ping pong thai restaurant , the staff is very friendly , service is always great , food comes out quickly and the owner nina always there to great her customers . lunch specials from 11am to 3pm are very good prices . if you have never been to this restaurant you must try it . they have been serving great food here since 2008 and are about to celebrate their 7 year anniversary soon , so if you want great thai food with great service with great prices , then i highly recommend that you stop by .
1	surprisingly fast and astonishingly delicious . the staff is somewhat nice about things yet you don 't have to deal with them much . you order quickly and wait a few minutes . been to this new location a few times and will always come back .
1	the sake are really good . waiters and waitress are all japanese and are very kind ! would recommend to anyone
1	always delicious ! the teppan-yaki grill is so much fun and reasonably priced for the experience and quality of food . highly recommend ! ! !
1	the price isn 't bad either ( $ 2.90 for s , m or l ) . the place is often crowded and you should probably call ahead to book a seat before you go if you plan to go on a weekend. the wait staff are very friendly and very polite . my favourite dish of theirs would have to be their deep fried milk . they make it just they way i like it with milk inside is still steaming when you bite into it . ^ _ ^
1	hands down the best sushi restaurant in town ! ! ! !
1	go there as often as i can . i even get take out food if i don 't have time to eat in the restaurant ! their sauce is outstanding & you can buy it by the quart and their meatballs as well . our family has been getting food to go & eating in since i was a kid . we love it ! ! doesn 't look like much from the outside ( not that it 's bad ) , but if you aren 't sure - just try it out and you will be hooked like i am !
1	i had battered haddock both times i visited ; the batter is light and the fish is fresh . decent pricing as well for a generally over-priced area . cosy atmosphere , great for a quick bite .
1	my favorite dish is the spicy pork with squid ! servers are super friendly . one of my favorite spots to go to .
1	the arizona roll is delish ! grab some miso soup , too !
1	freshly made by the chefs and you can watch them as they prepare it ! recommend the braised beef noodles .
1	this is one of the places i will be going regularly . this is my second visit in a year . i have been traveling for business and neglected the locals . i will be stopping by today for another bowl of the awesome ramen .
1	my wife ( vegetarian ) loves this place as well . haven 't explored the other dinner options because the rive vermicelli is so good i can 't pass it up . there 's some rolls there , has mint , tofu , with a dipping sauce - it 's outstanding . their tofu is the best my wife 's had anywhere . while i love soup / stew in general , the pho is a little too much food and more one-note than i like . i 'm sure that 's my taste buds and the quality seems really good ... just not my thing .
1	both special rolls that aren 't on the regular menu . the edamame is a must . we 're really going to miss ginbu when we move to milwaukee ! many great memories at ginbu ...
1	have to have the green tea ice cream and mochi ! lychee delight drink is to die for very happy coming back very soon .
1	a year ago we would have to drive all the way to chinatown for korean bbq but so thankful this area has grown with great eats . everything we had was amazing . we got a family meal and we were so full by the end . the meats are fresh and delicious . the service was amazing and they were on top of making up feel welcome and have a wonderful experience . highly recommended and we will definitely be coming back .
1	beef tataki is a must try , one of my favorite things on the menu . as well as the yellowtail collar . some of the friendliest staff in the city , always consistent . the music is also good for the atmosphere , nice chill reggae vibes . it 's definitely a good stop , wether just for a snack , or a full service dinner .
1	it 's loaded with seafood and comes with an option of panko crusted rice bun or just a regular rice bun ! if you like a crusted bun then definitely go with the panko crusted rice bun ! that 's the option i went with and it was a perfect blend of crunchy mixed in with a loaded amount of seafood . definitely more seafood from the burger than if you bought a sushi roll by itself ! come check this place out for the burger or the all you can eat sushi ! ! !
1	get the angry dragon and the autumn roll ! delicious ! great service , can get very busy too .
1	the owners are so sweet and kind . definitely better tasting sub sandwiches than your subway shop . one of those hole in the wall places are the best place to eat if you could find one . oh and it 's cash only so bring cash .
1	i eat here every couple of weeks and the food is consistently great . the spices are bold and flavorful & the portions are large . if there 's something you want that isn 't on the menu - just ask and they will make it if possible . the service is good and the staff take the time to explain the dishes which is extremely helpful for those that aren 't familiar with indian food . they also have a lunch special that has 5 or 6 different items so you can get a taste of everything .
1	the sushi is fresh . the place is clean . the staff are friendly . the seaweed salad is so good on top of a sushi poki bowl .
1	absolutely love this food highly recommend it to the public it 's better than panda express better than any chinese food out there this food here is hot and fresh really hot everything they cook is fresh the food is so delicious i have so much menu please come check out chen wok on seventh street and maryland phoenix arizona
1	service is great , food comes out fast . everything i 've tried has been delicious . i 've never been disappointed , have been going here for years . # 30 is my favorite pho in charlotte to date .
1	besides the heavy wait this places is one of the best ramen i 've had in a while . you can choose from a few different ramen broth and each with its own unique flavor . i personally enjoy shoyu ramen it 's light on the broth and not heavy . give this place a try . i do recommend getting in early and putting your name on the list . otherwise , be aware that you may not get in for a long time .
1	i have been to many in the valley but this one is priced great , service is great , and so many different options on the ayce ! ! they have a ribeye on the all you can eat . also try the appetizer " the sh * t . " it 's so good . anyway this is highly rated place and it lived up to it .
1	small , cozy , authentic ! that 's how i think i can best describe this great place . i personally order vegetarian sushi , this is one of the only sushi places i know of that adds a touch of cream cheese to the veggi sushis , and i love it . service is always polite and friendly , the chef is always working hard but has time to thank us for visiting the restaurant . i look forward to continuing to frequent this place !
1	the 3 meat combos are enough to feed you for 2 meals and everything is always very tasty . my favorites are the bulgogi , spicy pork , and bbq chicken . the staff is also super friendly and you can get all the banchan you want if you eat in . if you order to go , you only get 2 choices per entrée .
1	i worked at panda express in california for 2 years so i guess my expectations are somewhat of high when visiting . every time is a great experience for me . fresh food , friendly staff and always clean . the female manager primavera , is so nice she takes pride in knowing her customers . i always go in for pot stickers and they make them fresh for me every time . this is the best location in henderson . i would suggest this location before any other in the valley .
1	the staff make you feel like family . we especially love the older lady manager - she always makes time for her customers and makes us feel like valued customers . food is great too . we 'll most definitely be returning here .
1	after trying their sister store on spring mountain , i was ecstatic about their being one much much closer . even though there isn 't a ton of seating , somehow the longest wait i 've ever had here has roughly been 5-10min . ( maybe i 'm just coming at odd times ? ) . either way , the ramen is great for my taste buds . i don 't have a ton of experience with ramen , never been to japan or any of that good stuff , but in the end i know what i like , i 'm happy as a fat kid with cake when i come here ^ _ ^
1	although it 's a bit of a drive from where i live , i make the trip several times a year including my birthday ! i 've also held a fundraiser that couldn 't have gone any better !
1	always great service . the sushi is always fresh , we love sashimi and have never been disappointed . i love a restaurant that has specials , and otaku always has specials . on the weekend you can try 5 delicious items from the small plate menu for $ 20 . try the fresh wasabi , you won 't be disappointed . they serve a great pineapple mojito as well !
1	always hits the spot , whether i 'm ordering a swirl or dipped cone .
1	they recently have moved ( still in the same plaza ) so there 's more space , modern , and the same phenomenal sushi . 10 / 10 recommend
1	and probably have been eating here six times this month . the food is great . the portion is perfect , a la carte or all you can eat . pricing suits it as well . i liked the fact you have an ipad to make your order on and can see what each food item looks like before ordering . the service was always fast , efficient & extremely friendly . suggestions : spicy salmon roll & the seafood fried rice highly recommended !
1	i always get the red curry and the chicken satay . the thai tea is really good as well . food is reasonably priced and the portions are pretty big / filling . you definitely get your moneys worth .
1	our server andrew went out of his way to accommodate all of our needs ( my husband and i are picky eaters ) . every worker was so nice and the food is outstanding . a must try !
1	the service is great and it never is that packed , so it 's never too loud . the atmosphere is great ! i always come here for lunch when i 'm in the area as their lunch combos are amazing ! the main dish comes with a side of tom yum soup and a springroll . the tom yum soup is one of the best that i 've ever had . the price is also very reasonable ! i usually get the pad thai with chicken as that is my favourite thai dish . however , the green curry chicken and cashew chicken are also very delicious ! overall , one of my favourite thai places in toronto .
1	as others said stick to the real asian cuisine here and this place is awesome ! i personally love the braised beef hot pot . it is not overly spicy and has really great flavor . as a regular to this establishment i receive extremely good service . the last 4 or 5 times i was here my food came out in what seemed like less than 5 minutes and was perfect while the restaurant was full !
1	beautiful restaurant and incredible food . be aware that it is cash only tho . ( atm in back part of restaurant ) .
1	staff nice and prices very reasonable . give them a try , don 't know what 's up with some of these reviews ...
1	been coming here for nearly 3 years and it is the best pho in town . the employees are always great and the bossman is a real charmer ! i love it here . it 's worth the 20 + mile drive for some amazing service and delicious food !
1	been coming here for years now ! ! ! staff is very attentive and very friendly . if you go do your self a favor and sit at the bar . the chef is named tipp . she makes great food and you get to see her make it right in front of you . you come once and you will be back right away . great oysters as well ! ! !
1	my daughter and i always sit at the sushi bar we love oscar he 's one of the best sushi chefs .
1	been to a few well known izakayas in japan and i can honestly say there was no drop off in quality at zakkushi . big fan of the cheese-mochi-pork skewers , wagyu beef and pork skewers , but everything on the menu is pretty delicious . great place to eat , drink and just hang out with friends .
1	best authentic korean food i 've found in the valley . highly recommend to all .
1	best thai food i 've ever had . wonton appetizer and pad thai are a must try . make sure to ask for a spice tray when they bring your food out as well . highly recommend
1	by far the best ayce korean bbq joint in all of las vegas and probably in the front running for best in the western us . everything is clean , fresh , and well-marinated . service is quick , friendly , and detail oriented .
1	came here for the second time for dinner tonight . amazing food and service .
1	service was good i ordered satay broth delicious a few different noodles some different sliced meats and a pile of fresh vegetables to cook in my broth . they have a huge selection of sauces but the one called dat sauce is amazing " for real " i could drink it lol . lastly i had the ice cream coconut which had real pieces of coconut in it and very creamy another plus . will for sure be back and recommend this place to my friends .
1	he includes the kids , keep the drinks flowing , and it 's hilarious . definitely will be back . a lot . a huge plus is that it 's not as expensive as the other hibachi places in town , and the portions are perfect , not too much food . sometimes hard to find a kid friendly places here in vegas , but this was definitely one of them ! !
1	chicken sharwama plate is da bomb ! huge portion , quality is always consistent. highly recommend this place !
1	customer service is always great and the food is delicious .
1	delicious & fresh food ! great customer service . very friendly and reasonable prices .
1	everyone who works here is so nice and the pho and egg rolls are fantastic . my go to pho place .
1	everything about this place is great . the food is delicious , service is wonderful , the prices are affordable , and the place is nice and clean . by far one of my favorite places to eat .
1	fresh , delicious food , great variety , excellent service . surimi crab sushi burrito is the
1	never disappointed . love the remodeled one on decatur and the other on ft . apache .
1	favorite ayce sushi place ! also great customer service ! recommend this place to everyone .
1	fish is always fresh ! friendly staff ! this is my new favorite sushi restaurant !
1	food is amazing and fresh specially the sushi my fiance and i love this place .
1	food is delicious , the restaurant is adorable , and even though it gets busy , all the staff is so nice ! definitely recommend .
1	the staff is top notch and always on the spot .
1	food is good , service is good , and authentic atmosphere ! : ) try their stuffed jalapenos and spicy tuna salad . yum . i will be back for sure .
1	food is great and the staff is very friendly . this restaurant is a little far from me but it is well worth the drive .
1	fresh fish . great presentation . great quality and value for your buck .
1	fresh sushi , spectacular taste , friendly and helpful staff and nice ambience !
1	friendly staff and amazing affordable food ! my husband and i go here regularly . i love the pho !
1	great atmosphere , nice people and don 't forget the yum yum sauce .
1	great food for the price , very affordable and i love their specials ! ! love the firecracker chicken and sweet chili chicken bowl ! ! and the crab puffs are to die for ! ! ! great for an after workout meal and conveniently located next to the gym lvac !
1	great food , great people ! keep up the good work and promise to not to eventually lower the food quality like a lot of buffets do . i would much rather pay a few dollars more and keep the quality of the food !
1	great food great service everything is always on point ! just open one in the west valley is all i ask of you haha please please
1	great food , presentation , and friendly staff at a great price . best thai food in the valley !
1	great owners , great staff , great food . this is our go-to place for sushi in the valley . we get a bunch of us guys together and hit up akita . recommendations : vegas roll and volcano roll ... amazing ! don 't forget the ice cream ! you won 't be disappointed .
1	great service and the yellow chicken curry is perfect every time . we love their fried strips of chicken to dip in curry sauce . duck is amazing and the pat-see-yew is always good
1	great service , the food is always super fresh and tasty . one of our favorite places for date night or family night alike ! !
1	great sushi , great staff , and more then anything i love their mochi balls : ) )
1	great tasting affordable hibachi , great vegetarian options ! super friendly staff
1	would absolutely come back again , again , and again . i got the pork with jalapeños and it was super crisp and flavorful with nice crispy bread . overall i 'd give it 6 stars if i could .
1	had to get their pad wood sen for my last meal in champaign cuz i know imma miss it !
1	can 't get better then that . i often walk out of this place spending less than $ 12.00 . great food + great prices = 5 stars !
1	have done take out several times as well as dine in . you get a ton of food for a reasonable price . pomegranate chicken is delicious and flavorful ; hummus is spot on and greek salad dressing is like nothing i 've tasted before . check this place out ! only downside is the lake mead location is closed on sundays .
1	always leave happy and no matter what you get it is good . environment is comfortable , late night the music can be slightly louder , but if it 's too loud the staff is receptive and friendly to request to lower volume . it 's my absolute go to spot for pho .
1	highly recommend the primo roll , spicy ninja , and white dragon roll . service is amazing and everyone is super friendly
1	hubby brought me in for our anniversary loved the service and the food . the owner is very nice ! ! took the time to talk to us and recommend some dishes . will def come back again
1	i always bring my friends here and they always seem to love it . can 't go wrong with the curry udon which is my personal favourite , but many of my friends love the niku udon as well . the noodle texture is perfect and prices are cheap at about $ 6 . this place is so good that i usually get a noodle refill for an extra dollar or so . overall , great lunch spot if you happen to be in the area !
1	i always get the mango slush with boba & chicken fingers .
1	i can get almost everything i want from a asian market . all veggies , fruits and deli looked so fresh
1	i come here at least twice a month with the gf . i always get the " lo mein , " b5 i believe , shrimp wonton with the beef . food always comes out lightening fast and blazing hot . portions are great ! i know this is street food but it really hits the spot in terms of flavour , quantity and quality . wontons are pretty packed and handmade , beef is super soft ( they probably use baking soda or something to tenderize it ) and the noodles are always in a heap . it 's always packed here during busy hours but the turnover is under 30 mins per table .
1	absolutely love this place , i eat here regularly and its always to satisfaction i recommend the rare noodle soup with deep fried spring rolls !
1	if you go for lunch , make sure to get one of the lunch specials ! $ 7.99 gets you a heaping portion of one of the select main dishes , salad with peanut sauce dressing , an egg roll with sweet chili dipping sauce and a soup . the only thing i will warn about is the spice level--all 3 of us asked for medium spice level on our dishes but they were vey spicy , i recommend dropping down a level just in case . you cannot beat it here ! it 's very cute and well decorated as well .
1	if you want seafood in vegas , here 's your spot . not only is the food great but it is one of the very few spots left with authentic vegas service . if you grew up here you know what i mean-servers who know your name , know their craft , and treat you with class . great spot for tourists and locals . the price is well worth it as the portions are big and the food is great . our waiter darcy was also amazing-he said he 's been there since the place opened and it showed in his knowledge . we had so much fun with him !
1	i go for the curry goat roti ! it is so flavourful . the spices used in the curry are to die for . i definitely want to try the other curries . they have a special hot sauce they provide you with and it 's so delicious .
1	i go there with my daughter at least twice a week and we have been going there for a couple of years now . the food is always fresh and by now the people that work there know me and know what are usually order .
1	i happen to live basically next door so convenience is terrific and the customer service is always perfection . i typically order from here about 2 times a week and they have my order memorized which is the cherry on top ! !
1	i hardly ever come to this area so i don 't get to come here often but when i do it never disappoints ! i always get the garlic shrimp ( add mushrooms ) and a side of fried rice . everything is delicious , great service , and i always have left overs . a hidden gem !
1	i have been here a number of times and have never had to wait to be seated . the staff is friendly , quick and pay attention to you- they have never messed up a single order ! i always get the vegetable lo mein - their portions are incredible and very filling ! overall , you can 't have a bad time here !
1	i have never had a bad meal , and spice island serves what might be my favorite dish in the city - chicken with thai red basil sauce . it 's the best . the environment is quaint and comfortable . the service is always great . check this place out .
1	i haven 't dined in but i get takeout all the time . specifically , the singapore curry noodles and pho . those are my personal faves : ) friendly staff as well .
1	i have tried several things on their menu and loved them all ! also their staff is so friendly and accommodating . i have really enjoyed going there !
1	i have yet to be disappointed . friendly staff , nice added touch of a free soup while you wait for your order . i 'm very happy to have come across this place !
1	i love sushi and even though i 'm not an expert with it the wait staff is always willing to explain and give pointers . my husband is a huge fan of the loco mocha and orders it almost every time . so glad we found this place !
1	i love the prices and think it 's pretty decent for sushi and appetizers . they also have a nice happy hour they do during the week . the staff is usually courteous and prompt with the food . the atmosphere is perfect for a date or even just a nice night out with frineds .
1	i ordered from them earlier today online and then realized i didn 't have enough to cover it all , i was $ 5 short . i called and spoke to a young lady and told her the situation and she spoke to her manager . when she came back to the phone she told me not to worry about and that i could just pay the rest next time i order . so amazingly nice people and great food ! ! ! thank you !
1	it has good service and the food is always good i can 't get over quick . if you decide to stop by i recommend going with the half and half chicken and angus beef steak with white rice bomb ! and good if you 're trying to get gains also
1	it is an all you can eat sushi buffet with some of the most tantalizing rolls your money can buy . i first came here for my daughter 's birthday , because she wanted sushi and we are foodies . literally ate 20 rolls between four people . all of the rolls were delish , but one stood out above the rest and that was the be mine , made with salmon , cream cheese , crab salad , and fried in tempura batter . it is off the strip , but we 'll worth the trip . top your meal off with mango mochi , which comes with the buffet . yum !
1	i took my boyfriend here last weekend and he already wants to go back again . delicious pho and he really likes the noodles with beef . clean , relaxed atmosphere and the people that work there are very nice . tip- look online for their menu ( the url begins with " redfork " ) to see the full menu . the one at the restaurant is abbreviated for whatever reason
1	it 's a bit small & doesn 't have much seating room , but it 's adorable and the food is delicious : ) my friend and i each ordered a " make your own " burrito . total for each burrito was about $ 16 , as we each got one extra topping ( + $ 0.50 ) . they were huge and definitely very filling . the ingredients they use are very fresh as well . staff are also extremely friendly . they seriously don 't go lightly on your burrito either . had so many toppings that my burrito fell apart after a few bites ( not that i mind , the more toppings the better ) .
1	it 's affordable , and the food is awesome . pork soup dumplings are a must get . the wide and thin noodle dishes are great , so are the green onion pancakes . plus , you get to watch them make noodles and dumplings through glass while you eat . the service is good , it is very clean and many asian 's frequent this place ( another way to tell if it is good ) . one of my favorites in pittsburgh .
1	it 's always packed but never has slow service . i like sitting in the room with all the windows rather than the main restaurant part . i usually order a large pho with rare and beef ball . so delicious . i have also had the wonton soup which is very good as well as the fried spring roll and fresh spring roll . everything is amazing and worth every penny .
1	highly recommend the teriyaki chicken and the tempura shrimp not to mention the customer service is second to none . the owner kevin is awesome he even remembers my name and my favorite thing to order ! so next time you 're in the mood for chinese takeout , switch it up and try kevin 's restaurant ! you won 't regret it .
1	absolutely love this place , it 's our date night spot ! ! !
1	it was my first time going and it won 't be my last . the food and service was amazing . the waitress was really nice . my sister loved the miso ramen . my 1yr son enjoyed the kids chicken lo mein . while i fell in love with sushi rolls . the rolls didn 't smell or taste fishy . i give this place a 5 ! ! !
1	i usually order the wrap , which i highly recommend . i let the server give me suggestions for what to add to the wrap , as you can personalize your meal any way you want . the miso soup is a must , if you like soup . the drinks selection is great . i highly recommend this place !
1	i 've been coming here for over 4 years now . the staff is wonderful and helpful and i love seeing them when i come in . they also remember me and my boyfriend which is amazing ! the food is also great here , i 've had the edamame , multiple ramen bowls , and multiple flavors of their boba teas . my all around favorite : pork tankatsu ramen and thai milk tea boba . i probably order this combination the most out of anything else here and i love it !
1	i 've been here 3 times in the past week . love the flavorful food ! the thai tea was great . my husband loves the spicy hot dishes . kids love it too . the owners are lovely knowledgeable and very curteous . service is excellent !
1	i was there last summer with my family back when it was grit and grace and we all enjoyed it , so i was really excited to check out the new menu with my boyfriend ! the food was awesome ! we started with korean fried wings and yellowtail sashimi ( i know , it 's a strange combo , but this is two of our favorite things to eat so we had to try them both ) and then shared noodles for s main course . it was great ! i don 't remember what noodles we had , but they were spicy , flavorful and delicious ! we will definitely be back !
1	top notch , the chicken was so good and juicy . loved the side and definitely the donut ! i will definitely back in the very near future for some more good food . have to get there early because they sell out fast ... so you know it 's amazing !
1	jackie is an amazing server and we always have a great experience . recommend this place to anyone looking for a great sushi restaurant : )
1	kinda secluded , but it 's worth the hassle . best kbbq i 've had in vegas ! it 's open very late , and the price is the median you 'll be seeing around in vegas . i 'd love to go get some right now !
1	my daughter is picky when it comes l her lo mein hands down one of mine and hers fave ! clean and staff always friendly . they know me as soon as i order !
1	my husband and i are never disappointed when we eat here ! everything we have had has been great . such a gem ! the crab angels are soooo good and so are the egg rolls for a nice little starter . try it !
1	my husband and i are sushi and sake snobs , and this is our favorite place locally . sashimi is amazing and extremely fresh ! their specialty rolls are as well , screaming o is my favorite . definitely recommend to everyone .
1	my husband and i go at least once a month for the ayce . they make everything fresh right there . the sushi chefs r all sooooo nice and really make u feel special .
1	my husband and i go there almost every week . we had our first date there. yes i know its not all that fancy , but we are older . i love the filet flounder .. he always gets the everyday special . the staff is great especially jean .. not a bad price. we both can eat for less than 25.00 . i wish a salad would come with the food and not extra ..
1	my wife is japanese and she agrees . the sushi is great , get the brussel sprouts !
1	no where else in vegas can you get so much food for such a inexpensive price and be this delicious . i come here atleast twice a month . the general tsao chicken is amazing and the thai tea with boba is to die for . must try if you 're in vegas !
1	off the strip but worth the cab ride . food is delicious and they way it 's served it gives you time to enjoy each dish . our favorites are the asparagus , bacon wrapped mushroom , kobe beef skewers , pork belly . service is outstanding . it 's a small restaurant so make reservations . we 've been here on mondays and it 's still pretty full . when in vegas this is our must go to place ! !
1	omg the food is delicious . everything is so fresh , the flavours are fantastically blended and the meats / fish are just perfectly cooked . it 's a treat to your taste buds . my favourite dishes - singapore slaw ( must try for everyone ) and caramelized black cod . my mouth waters thinking about that wonderfully prepared black cod on a delicious turnip cake . the duck pancakes are great too , and fun to it . same goes for the pork ribs . my husband absolutely loves the slow braised beef . in a nutshell , you really can 't go wrong with anything you order there . 5-stars for service . extremely attentive and friendly servers .
1	one of my favorite sushi places in the valley . i have not dined in yet , always get it to go , and it 's always so good ! ! bam bam roll is amazing ! ! also love the screaming o !
1	one of the best delivery places i have ever tried ! we order at least 2-3x a week !
1	open late night , fast service , friendly staff . best curry in town and great location . definitely my late night go-to spot .
1	quick , fresh and delicious ! my only complaint is that they aren 't open on mondays .
1	reminds me of south korea . great food and atmosphere ! love the service .
1	service is always top notch ! the dj plays a variety of music from many decades ! so much fun ! sushi is fresh !
1	so calm and romantic . food is great and the owners are very friendly people . first time here was amazing and this times didn 't disappoint
1	so good ! pho bowl is huge serving , tasty and filling . also always get the pork & shrimp rice roll- so , so good . prices are fair , can 't complain . love that they have free refills on the soda fountain drinks , where other pho places usually have canned sodas only , purchased separately . clean and healthy food- top notch place ! great service !
1	the bread basket is a nice touch . my husband and i always go for sushi and are never disappointed !
1	the fish quality is amazing and they have their liquor license now ! service is also fantastic . what i love the most is that it 's a sushi place where you can get awesome speciality rolls or nigiri / sashimi and not be disappointed . the decor is also really nice and they have a tv at the sushi bar . hands down my favorite sushi place in the area !
1	the flavors omg , always fresh and desirable . they are on point ! ! you get the true thai essence dining here ! i 'm def traveling there very soon and i may take up residence b / c of this place ! ! i am back at it again . lovvvve this place ! a must try in the south west !
1	it has become our go to place for korean food , we tried other places and have always been disappointed when comparing to gogi .
1	the food and the staff are amazing and with the new menu , you can now pick from so many good dishes ! thanks guys !
1	the food is always amazing every time i 'm here . the service is great ! so friendly and helpful ! the garlic prawns are one of my fav . must try !
1	the food is always fresh and delicious . usually get the huli huli chicken bowl with brown rice and all the fixins . coconut bark is to die for . oh , and all of the workers are always super friendly and helpful . if you haven 't tried this place , you are missing out .
1	the food is always fresh and its quality , consistent . the combination starter plate and orange chicken are big favorites with my kids . i haven 't eaten anything from the menu that i haven 't enjoyed . price-wise , this place cannot be beaten ! the owners genuinely care about their product and their patrons and the staff are helpful , attentive , and friendly . while you don 't need to make a reservation , i would suggest phoning ahead to make sure it is open .
1	the food is always fresh and the staff could not be kinder ! i always feel like a member of the family when i go there ! definitely recommend the eggplant hot plate , salt and pepper squid and ... well everything is amazing so go spoil your tastebuds ! keep up the great work !
1	the food is always very consistent and delicious ! we go there all the time and in the many visits we have been there they have only messed up our order once and they went above and beyond to correct it ! i would definitely recommend this place to all of my friends and family !
1	absolutely love this place the food is amazing and everyone that works there is very friendly .
1	the food is amazing ! the pad thai is to die for . service is good . there 's always a lot of people waiting but it is definitely worth the wait . i 'm so glad i found this place .. it 's become a tradition to eat here whenever i have friends in town .
1	the food is delicious and the atmosphere us very relaxed and chill . i got the purple rice , which i highly recommend , and their kimchi is really good too !
1	the food is fresh , clean , and delicious . the wonton soup is one of the best in town - especially with the pork dumplings . the chicken satay is also remarkably flavorful . i 've tried the curries , and every single one is excellent . my favorite dish to date is the pad see ew . the noodles and chicken are savory and nutty while the veggies add a nice texture and crunch . all in all a great time with great food .
1	the food is just amazing . we had a group of 4 . we asked the server to just bring out plates and set an approximate price limit ( $ 50 ea ) . there was an assortment of meat , rice and of course .. sushi . a couple of my favorite dishes : japanese a5 wagyu beef gyoza , yellow tail with jalapeno and the plantain . to make this place seal the deal of a 5 .. the cucumber martini was delish ! ! ! can 't wait til the next visit . p.s. staff is fast , courtesy and overall awesome !
1	the food was delivered hot and fresh .. not only was the food great the expedience was good as well ! they have us a 45 min delivery time frame , but came in a half an hour ! my wife and i were impressed with the service we had and is definitely our go to place for late night delivered chinese food ..
1	the happy hour is awesome . great service and great food . we come here all the time .
1	their food is full of flavor , never bland . the staff are so friendly and very helpful when you are unsure of what you want . the prices are on point and the food is made fast . we have never had to wait . i know they offer delivery but we always swing by and pick ours up . i recommend this place for chinese . it 's delicious and the staff are wonderful
1	their ramen is the best i 've ever had in toronto , and i 've tried most of the ramen places . their broth is creamy and flavourful , and the pork is perfectly tender . the noodles are chewy with a nice texture . i usually go for the shio or shoyu , but they 're all really good . give it a try !
1	their service is always quick and i haven 't had anything i didn 't like here . while they do offer delivery i highly recommend going in . they always offer more rice , are super quick to refill drinks , and are overall very attentive . i love their crab ragoons and spring rolls and recommend both . to another point their portion sizes are huge ! i can easily make two full meals out of a dinner from here . good little place !
1	their stirfry is so fresh and i love how healthy it is with all the vegetables . the owners are so sweet and always chat with me when i go in .
1	their try before you buy bar is just great . staff is always friendly and very helpful with their intriguing ordering system . food has always been great . the black beans are wonderful though can be an acquired taste for some . overall i keep coming back and enjoy it every time . it does get quite busy so get in line and then write down your order !
1	the japanese food is so , so good . even their dessert , the chocolate cake , is great . definitely a place i eat often and never been disappointed by . only hate that they dont do there coupons deals anymore .
1	the location makes it a little tough to find , but that 's what makes this place a hidden gem . the parking can be a little difficult so i would advise to go after lunch madness . the owner is extremely nice and the servers are more than willing to give you recommendations . the price isn 't bad either . the flautas are what i always get but you can 't go wrong with any of the fusion foods . c 'mon were talking about korean food with mexican goodness , you can 't help but feel giddy just hearing it .
1	the menu has a great variety and the portions are huge . i generally chose the chinese selections from the menu ( sesame chicken , fried rice ) both are delicious . the sushi is also quite good . a solid choice ! we have yet to be disappointed when we 've eaten here .
1	the orange chicken is delicious ! i love their egg drop soup as well . ever since i found out about this place a little over a year ago , it is the only place i go to for chinese food . very affordable and even cheaper if you get the lunch specials from 11-4pm .
1	the people are so friendly and the food is amazing . whether you 're in the mood for sushi or korean barbecue it 's all really great and amazing food . big portions will have you feeling full in no time ! definitely one of the best places in town !
1	the people are wonderful and remember us every visit . the pasta bowls are to die for . .... important note : the spicy shrimp can be made non spicy . you can also build your own bowl . did i mention my favorite is chicken and shrimp with alfredo . # definitionofsexy # delicious
1	the prices are incredible for what you get ; i couldn 't believe the sizes of the rolls for the price here . always wonderful service and the rolls are outstanding ! so happy to have found sushi cafe
1	the service is always wonderful and the food is amazing . the servers here have always gone above and beyond to make sure we were taken care of . this is by far my favorite sushi restaurant that i have been to . i used to live close to this restaurant and have since moved . whenever my boyfriend and i want sushi , we make the drive to come back to this restaurant because anywhere else we try to go just pales in comparison .
1	the service is great and the food is awesome . i always get way more than i should but they have so many great options it 's hard to leave with just one menu item . i highly recommend this restaurant . they also deliver which is always a plus .
1	the spicy fried rice is my favorite dish . the sundevil chicken and house cho-mein are other favorites too . mona 's special chicken needs a mention , as well , but no matter what you order from the menu , you won 't be mistaken . their food is great and the place is very charming . the staff is courteous and we have never been disappointed with our experience
1	the staff is awesome and helpful . the bahn mi is delicious . you have to try the " squid with sauce " is was awesome .
1	the staff is incredible , and the food is always great ! we eat here weekly and have never had a poor experience .
1	the sukho thai padthai is the most amazing padthai i have ever had ! so authentic and delicious . the garlic tofu is heavenly ! if a restaurant can make tofu taste so good , imagine what they can do with everything else ! one of the best kept secrets in toronto ! it gets very busy on the weekend and it takes a while to find seats . i 've been the wellington location . nicer decor , hip crowd , easier to find seats : )
1	the sushi is amazing and the staff is extremely friendly .
1	the unique flavor combinations are amazing . and you get so much food for the price , there is always plenty to take home . first time i went , they offered up several tasting samples . when i went the second time ( and had a big group that nobody else had been too ) they did not offer this , which was disappointing since i had talked it up . they should keep that consistent . 5 stars - love it !
1	the workers are adorable and the food is great ! i highly recommend the niku udon ( beef ) . i got almost all my friends to try it , and they 're hooked . i go often , after classes or even just on random days , because i live so close by .
1	they have ton of ethnic food , everything is fresh . super friendly service !
1	they 're red curry is amazing ! their orange chicken and pad thai are also great ! my friends loved the fried rice they got . this is the place to go for thai !
1	this customer service is impeccable , the guy was sooooo nice it almost didn 't matter what the food taste like . i will come back here every single time i 'm in phoenix . mmmm mmm good .
1	absolutely love this place , this is the only sushi place i eat at ... fish is always fresh , reasonable prices good service
1	tiny restaurant with a big heart and great food . great service from kathy every time , all of the other ladies are great too . food is always fresh and so delicious . prices are very reasonable . do yourself a favor and check out these awesome people . the place has about 10 tables so best to go for a late lunch or early dinner . rolls to try : spider-man , lemon salmon , bombing , sweet roll , crispy seafood , cilantro roll , volcano , wasabi salmon ..... just go , do it now .
1	took my bestie here for her birthday the other weekend everything was great accept the fact the servers need to better communicate with other servers . ordered a sushi roll from one of the servers walking by and waited a bit then another server came to take the same order we were initially for them finally getting the sushi and seen they had did a double order because of lack of communication . but other then that this is always my to go for sushi / hawaiian food
1	try the orange chicken and the chicken corn chowder soup ... it 's amazing !
1	very tasty food with tons of options to choose from . very authentic and not too heavy / oily . great service too !
1	we always call ahead and our food is ready in 10-15 minutes every time . we have never once had any issues with our orders and their food is fantastic !
1	we come for the buffet every other week . the egg rolls and tandoori chicken is delicious . the curry chicken is perfect ! i love the rotation of different dishes on the buffet . it allows me to try their menu without paying for every dish . my favorite dish is their curry chicken and garlic naan ! * * they use white meat chicken ! ! * *
1	we drive all the way from scottsdale ! shout out to peter for his fab service ! shout out to the owners for never closing the restaurant on us ! the sushi is awesome and the service is even better ! ! !
1	we found this on a fluke one day while in the area and walking by . the mandi here is so delicious and full of flavour . we have tried the chicken and the lamb and they were both a huge hit in our house . the meats are cooked perfectly and gave flavour in every bite . the service is great here too its mostly a takeout place .
1	we have been back twice since discovering it next door to another great restaurant , everly , two weeks ago . the albacore tuna and shrimp is incredible with the sesame ginger sauce over rice . so many great sauces and i love that you can build your own bowl . we are kind of addicted !
1	awesome customer service and always on time with delivery . one time my food was taking too long , i was called back and offered a free 2-liter for the inconvenience . love it ! !
1	we 're never disappointed . the food is fresh and full of flavor- even if you don 't dress it in their variety of sauces / seasoning . but we enjoy mixing our own dish depending on our mood that day . sweet , spicy , you name it . the owners are always so sweet to our family . and it 's refreshing eating at a successful establishment surrounded by economic failure . they are obviously doing something right , and i 'll give them my business any day !
1	we stop to eat at changs at least twice every single time my family and i are in the area . always coming back . also love that it 's not crowded most of the time .
1	we tried their chicago cheesesteak , big wac , animal fries , karma curry rice bowl , and buffalo " wings , " and every dish was delicious . the burgers were actually so good and juicy that i hesitated to ask my vegetarian friend to try . the favorite at the table was the karma curry rice bowl which had crunchy vegetables and soft / dense fried tofu pieces . everything was very rich and flavorful , not the stereotypical vegetarian blandness that most would expect . also , for vegetarian food , this place is quite affordable ! would definitely return to try other things on their menu !
1	we used to frequent when they were located downtown vegas . we were saddened to hear that they had moved . on our last drive from ca to co we decided to stop at the new location and we are sooooo glad we did . the food here is amazing . everything was delicious - short ribs , portuguese sausage , teriyaki chicken and garlic chicken . and very reasonably priced . looking forward to visiting again soon .
1	we 've been coming here for the last 2 or 3 years . my husband and i would highly recommend the entree " sweet home alabama " it 's so delicious .
1	we went for lunch on a weekday . everything is delicately flavored and beautifully presented .
1	we were about 6 people and wanted to order barbecue , and the attendant suggested we order the large portion . the side dishes were amazing . we guys also ordered the rice cakes in spicy sauce , dumplings and rice noodles with vegetables . everything was just perfect . the owners son is amazing and made the whole experience funny . he has a great sense of humour and very friendly . definitely recommend this place ! !
1	whenever i have friends in town we go here . you can cook the food yourself or they will .
1	worth the money . staff is always friendly and food is delicious . i always want to go to spoon and fork when i am in the mood for ayce . for any special occasion this is my first choice !
1	yesterday , mr. bruell himself made my meal . coming from the tower across the street , with our awful sodexo cafeteria , this is a wonderful treat . they have an awesome choice of salad bar options and their dressing are so good . the sushi taste just like parallax . i had pad thai yesterday that was super fresh and tastey . granted the meals are around 8-9 dollars . however , i spend that much at sodexo for pre-boxed sysco food . this place is fresh , made in front of you , with very good ingredients . give it a try if you are interested in kafateria style food : )
1	you must try the what the heck roll ! ! the udon was also very tasty ! ! i never had tempura cheesecake before , but , wow ! ! ! server was very personable and attentive ! if i needed to give a con ; i wish they had a soda fountain with refills rather than just cans of soda ....... but , as far as food , they rock ! !
1	you would not believe you are eating vegetarian items here . the spicy crispy beef should be called veggie-crack .
1	must try 's include miso soup , char sue bow , drunken noddles and coconut curry ! fantastic !
1	either for lunch or dinner , you can 't go wrong . good food and generous portions . wait staff are excellent .
1	excellent food , and service . i go here with my fiance almost every weekend . shout out to the owner patty ! she 's such a sweetheart ! it 's a great place to get some kick ass thai food . great for romantic dinners , a girls night out , family fun night , and even just for a quick bite to eat . i love going here and will continue to keep going . my top suggestions would be the vegetable spring rolls , fresh rolls with tofu , crispy sweet potato , thai signature dish , pot stickers or chicken noodles ..... in fact .... everything is good here . go to thai basil !
1	i live in afton village , the neighborhood where it is located , and am a frequent diner . the staff is great , the specials are always fresh and interesting and the environment is very calming . this isn 't a cheap chinese restaurant , quality versions of your favorites and fantastic sushi !
1	me & my family always make it a thing to come here & eat when we go to vegas ! it 's not too far from the strip , very clean place , good atmosphere , & most importantly the food , drinks & desserts are all amazing ! ! we 've tried many different things on the menu & haven 't been disappointed , i seem to have a new favorite every time haha ! today we tried the tofu con lechon & the beef kaldereta , & of course had halo halo for dessert ! ( my mom got to the halo halo before i could snap a good picture lol )
1	they are slightly on the slower side , but not any slower then another sit down restaurant . great prices , good food , need i say more ?
1	the food is always fresh and cooked perfectly ! i always order the vegetable steamed dumplings and for my main meal i order the seafood nest with no potato basket ! i love it !
1	the food is always fresh and service is great . i like that they know what i usually order when i call ahead and they always accommodate my requests . the mongolian chicken is out of this world !
1	the michael lewis roll is my absolute favorite ! ! ! priced well also ! i would recommend this place to anyone . it 's the best sushi i 've had in vegas so far !
1	there 's always something new to try , they have great specials . i highly recommend the uni scramble ! my favorite dish !
1	very clean and great atmosphere . the food is always good , fresh , and very well seasoned . they have really good lunch specials also .
1	finally there 's a great hawaiian spot on my side of town ! the mac salad is to die for , best i 've had in a while . their spicy poke and teriyaki steak are my go-tos ! the portions are perfect . very friendly staff .
1	so happy that they 're open again ! had the chicken don buri at lunch today and my gosh , it was amazing . not to me room i got a soup and salad with the lunch special and just paid a little over ten dollars . great prices , innovative dishes , and stellar service . will be taking all my business here !
1	we literally go here several times a month sometimes even weeks . best sushi around ! ! we always celebrate birthdays and special events here and they always do a great job accommodating so many people . highly recommend !
1	it is my families favorite . the service is great and the sushi is top notch . my daughter and i usually share the jackpot and bonzai with edeamame . my husband and son usually go with hand-rolls and sashimi . highly recommend to everyone i know
1	modern and clean on the inside ! i ordered to go and got a california roll and crab rangoon . the crab rangoon had such a good flavor to it . also the california roll was awesome and had a large lump of crab meat ! overall a great experience will definitely come back again !
1	if we can 't decide we default to this place . sake is cheep and good too !
1	their food are delicious and very hk-like . wok-fried rice / noodles are must try . you will not regret it . however i would not order the deep-fried chicken thigh again . it is just not hk-liked . and if i want non-hk style deep fried chicken , there are too many other choices out there .
1	we were there for the grand opening , enjoyed our sushi experience , especially with the master chef himself .
1	good size portions and the food itself is exquisite , with a great variation of choices as well . make sure and leave room for dessert as they are simply scrumptious . finally the friendly and welcoming staff make for a truly great nights dining .
1	so fresh and hot . the hot and sour soup is definitely my favorite . i love that they deliver . and my food is always properly secure and hot ! my kids love the food ! that 's all that matters in the end , enjoy ! : )
1	no matter what you order , make sure to try the pan fried dumplings with it .
1	the wait is a bit longer than tofu hut , but it 's definitely worth the cleanliness , service , and food ! ! i 'm usually with my party of 3-4 and we usually wait about 45 minutes to an hour . it 's so good and so worth it though . my favorite meats are brisket and beef tongue , i would also recommend " the shit " which is a delicious shaked rice with kimchi and egg . my favorite place ever next to gen , 10 / 10 ! !
1	and their pumpkin curry ! it 's byob which scores extra points in my book . when outdoor seating is open it 's the place to be ; beautiful setting . ask about the spice scale . i thought it was 1-10 and asked for a 6 . for me it was too hot and even thought i wanted to take it home , they made me a fresh one that wasn 't as spicy . if it 's not busy they will start cleaning up and close early . but i feel there 's usually someone hanging around lays , if anything give them a call .
1	they have an excellent happy hour , and great service . the scorpion roll is a must try ! i agree it 's a hidden gem
1	i recommend everybody to stop by here for lunch always ! it 's super delicious and the service is amazing , combination ' c ' is my personal favorite and i just can 't help but love this place everytime i visit !
1	i have tried multiple dishes and have loved every single one of them ! my favorite is te1 with 4 stars . always made to perfection ! ! ! i also highly recommend their plum wine , a bit sweeter than usual , but it is fantastic . i only live a half block away so we go here often or get take out . i have never been disappointed ! ! !
1	your choice of ramen or u don 't soup as well as a bowl of miso soup . a fresh salad bar with your lunch special and a roll of your choice . all this for $ 8
1	everything i have ever had there has been exceptionally fresh , and the staff is always friendly . they are not the cheapest , but you get what you pay for .
1	especially on sunday 's ! half off ! great atmosphere , food and crowd . good times !
1	) . the staff is awesome and friendly , food is always super fresh and authentic . i 've been coming here for years and have never been disappointed . a tad pricey but 110 % worth it . easily accessible by ttc ( royal york station ) so i wouldn 't suggest driving as the parking lot kinda sucks . if you insist on driving , park in the back of the subway station and do the 2 minute walk to avoid their awkward parking lot . apart from that , i love this place ! would definitely suggest it .
1	you must try the chimichunga roll . i can 't wait until they open their gilbert location ! ! !
1	i always order the pud see ew . extra noodle . spice level 4 . the curry is excellent as well . kind friendly service and very fast . go for lunch ! !
1	the food is fresh , service is fast & great ( compared to most hotpot places i 've been too ) , and i love the buffet-style setup which allows customers to just grab what they want and how much they want without having to holler servers and write on those pesky papers .
1	i come here at least twice a month and they always have great service and amazing sushi . the quality is always consistent . you need to try the crunchy noodle soup ( complimentary ) to start , snow white roll , white dragon roll and any of their boats . sometimes it can be a long wait so try and go during the weekdays .
1	for those of you sushi lovers , make sure you get the ayce . it is about $ 27 per person for dinner and around $ 22 for lunch . when we go , we always try to sit at the bar as the chefs are very nice and it is quite entertaining to watch them cook . the only negative is that most of the nights the wait time is at around 45mins or more.but overall great food , always fresh fish and nice atmosphere !
1	bbq chicken and beef are so good that i couldn 't find another to compare in my own experience . i visit there often and i am still happy since first visit .
1	i love eating chinese food but often end up feelings sluggish and blah after . after trying veggie house you get all the flavor and more without the bloated and sluggish feels ! you would never think you weren 't eating meat with how flavorful everything is . even the ramen was amazing . my favs are pineapple fried rice , sweet & sour " chicken , " general tao chicken , crispy eggplant is ammmaazzinngg and kung poa chicken ! also there white chocolate peanut butter ice cream is amazing ! ! a must try spot for everyone even non vegan !
1	it 's hard to eat healthy with fast food and this would be my favorite just for that . i recommend the teriyaki chicken ( white meat ) with vegetables and large size for 2 . this isn 't reinventing the wheel , but it 's the solid , healthy , quick option for me . thank you yoshi 's !
1	i reserve it for special occasions , but when i do go , the service is 5 out of 5 . the entrees are portioned just right and the presentation is wonderful . the overall atmosphere is calm , cool , and collected . there is not too much excitement that is distracting nor is it quiet as a library .
1	first time we tried this place we ordered take out , the order was ready at the time we asked for and it was piping hot when we got home . they also do delivery and it was fantastic when we tried that out one night . order was delivered in record time and just as good as getting take out . the food is amazing , i haven 't been disappointed with anything i 've gotten from there . the cigar rolls taste just like another app from a different restaurant that has slowly been losing my business over the year . i would highly recommend ms to anyone , its worth it .
1	the freshness of the fish the creativity of the rolls the next of traditional japanese sushi with american fusion . the service is awesome
1	food exceeded my pallets 's expectations and it was surprisingly clean . i only say " surprisingly " because i 've been to many asian spots who lack cleanliness .. like come on , we all notice this or maybe i just happen to choose all the wrong places . anywho , this spot is a must-try !
1	great customer service , on top of great food .
1	amazing food , amazing service . our server put all of our leftovers in a box and refills while our glasses were still half full . ps . get the mongolian beef ! !
1	the portions are humongous , prices are miniscule . i never leave hungry or dissatisfied . every time i come in here it 's full or getting full . please give their chantilly cake a try ! you won 't be disappointed !
1	we were surprised they gave us the happy hour menu although it was after 6 p.m. service was fantastic and the restaurant was very clean . i will definitely be a repeat customer .
1	always fresh , full of flavor , and fantastic service . i make it a point to come here every time i am in town .
1	it 's been around forever , and that tells you something ! love all the small plates , and there 's always special going on ! special dishes , seasonal dishes . oh , by the way , don 't think the menu is the limit . there are plenty of items only listed on the walls !
1	not only is the food always fresh and delicious , the staff members are amazing and friendly ! they always have a smile on their face , remember me , and treat me like i 'm their best customer . i 'm sad that some of the staff has changed , but it does make way for new faces ! keep up the great work ! my favorite sauce had become a mixture of creamy garlic , sriracha , and regular buffalo mixed .
1	i come here not for " authentic " japanese food , but for fresh seafood and great drinks served in a very fun environment . i usually go for several assorted sashimi / appetizer dishes , followed by a couple hot entrees . the lobster tempura is excellent , as is the hirame sashimi , prepared with citrus and jalepeno . service is just as good as the food , as the waitstaff is very attentive yet not overbearing .
1	it 's easy , not stuffy , and consistent . my entire family loves new zealand .
1	their portions are rather larger compared to most other thai restaurants , and not to mention their phenomenal prices and lunch specials . the pad see yew here is one of my favorites , as is the chicken chili mint . don 't judge this place by appearances , it 's definitely a hole in the wall looking place but a gem for sure .
1	great lunch speacials and fast service . great spot for a family meal or casual date .
1	i grew up in a vietnamese / cantonese household so i might be a bit biased but everything from the goi cuon to the pho is delicious . i would definitely recommend it !
1	they have an amazing gluten free menu and the service ( especially the staff at the bar ) are outstanding . they remember us when we go there and remember what we like to order . also their points program is great . we get a free meal every couple times we visit . never had a bad meal or experience .
1	best hot and sour soup ever , great sushi , hubby likes the pad thai , i like the pork fried rice or tenderloin beef . son loves the kids shrimp or chicken . very good flavor and fresh ! a must try !
1	their all you can eat sushi buffet is amazing , for $ 27 you can 't beat eating 10 sushi rolls . i have been a fan of this place since it first opened and i will continue to be . i also love the fact that you can now get it delivered via ubereats , especially when i 'm too lazy to get out of my pjs and leave my couch , but also want sushi to enjoy at the same time .
1	the wait staff was friendly and attentive . i had the bento special and loved each dish , as well as the overall variety of the selections . my wife had the steamed grouper and beef salad and found both to be amazing . we only wish we had space for dessert .
1	it was a bit far from the strip but it was all worth the drive . the owners are very friendly , courteous and accomodating . will definitely be a repeat customer : )
1	we are from san francisco and i have yet to find a restaurant that compares in quality of food ! service is excellent as well . highly recommend !
1	delicious ! a must try once in vegas for a great meal !
1	fresh pasta made right in front of you , tasted like a dish from a top restaurant for under $ 10 ! hot , fresher than fresh , great serving size just go go go ! ! good job my gym is across the road from pasta fresh cause i got a feeling i will be a regular at this place ! !
1	if this place has one problem , it 's that you won 't be able to choose what to get . also the number of veg-friendly options is limited but what they have will make you happy . the staff are very friendly and keep up with you no matter how busy it gets . one more thing ; come early ! the lineups get long after 10 .
1	the place is not very big and the menu is limited to a few choices - a sign of a good place .
1	great location , amazing sushi , and great prices .
1	the menu was excellent , however , we met the owner of the restaurant when we walked in , had great conversation with him , and we ended up asking him to order for us . he is the expert , after all . the food was outstanding and the service impeccable ! wish i were in town more often to visit this establishment . with over 300 thai restaurants in vegas , this one is a must to visit !
1	fish is amazing try the hamachi jalapeño ap ! hamachi kama is also not to be missed . we love the late night happy hour starting at 11 pm . it 's quite a hike from the strip so we now rent a car just to make sure we can hit the fish after a hard day of gambling . one of the many things that bring us to vegas . who would have thought you would go to the desert for sushi !
1	the food is delicious and fresh , and the owner tenny is so friendly and greets us by name every time we come in . she even knows exactly what we order ! my favorite is red curry with beef . my husband loves the yellow curry , or the pad thai . lunch portions are cheap , and filling , dinner portions are huge ! enough for lunch the next day , yay !
1	justina is such a fantastic owner and hostess . love our fun conversations .
1	we did the $ 100 chefs tasting menu and it was well worth the price . the fish was incredible in taste and quality and the meat was beautifully marbled . highly recommend for anyone who appreciates top notch sushi .
1	visiting toronto , and looking forward to return trip . we will eat here again .
1	friendly people and exceptional food . the menu is so widely varied that there will surely be something for even the most novice diner to enjoy . their soups are good . i get the huir tui . and also be sure to try the rice paper rolls .
1	i agree with r.p. that perhaps the few negative reviews are confused with which place they are reviewing , as there is nothing to complain about here . the portions are more than ample , quality is superb , and the service is impeccable . it is nice to have more room than you need as opposed to a wait and crowded conditions . do yourself a favor and give pho little saigon a chance - you will be glad you did .
1	pork blaster " hot " has to be a personal favourite . very filling and rich broth and the spice was good enough to excite my indian palate ... that 's really saying something ! will definitely return although i can 't say i 'd try much else since i 'm sold on this one dish . patio is highly recommended !
1	chef is married so don 't bother asking ; d
1	lee is great , and he explained the ins-and-outs of korean cuisine to us . his wife is the cook , and she made some great spicy pork . this place is a treasure ! check it out now .
1	super tasty , wonderfully priced , great service . highly suggest you try this place .
1	the staff working here was so incredibly nice . the restaurant was very clean . my husbands words , " i almost wanted to create a yelp account just to let everyone know how great this place was ! "
1	portions are huge for the price , most pho ~ combinations are $ 8.50 when in vegas i highly recommend pho90
1	beautiful decor on the inside & out . once you walk in , you are completely shocked that it is so elegant , but yet comfortable for dining . sat at the bar , and our order was taken right away . drinks were always refilled , and food came out in a perfect time . so stuffed from the delicious food , & prices were great too . terrific customer service . chef jj told me he liked my glasses , too funny ! definitely going to go back ! probably in my top 3 favorite sushi restaurants . & please tip these guys , they do such an amazing job .
1	clean , fast delicious . extremely satisfied everytime . all fish fresh and sweet . ive been going here for years and not once left hungry or not satisfied . better than sex
1	if you 're into authentic thai cooked with fresh ingredients and served in a quaint , elegant ambiance , then thai suan thip is for you . i 've eaten thai all over the country and this little place can stand up in taste and quality to some of the finest thai restaurants . highly recommended . disclaimer for those into commercialized , westernized , and convenience dining - this place is family owned and run . everything is made to order , so be a little patient , it 's worth waiting for ! ! !
1	we ordered across the menu and everything was amazing . wonderful , friendly wait staff . try the black cod , the kasamoto and spicy tuna rolls , kamameshi rice , grilled corn and moshi for dessert . great alsatian wines went perfectly with dinner .
1	the szechwan beef bowl was exactly what i was looking for as a late night meal . my wife had the miso soup which was also above expectations but i don 't think i 'll ever be able to resist the szechwan beef .
1	best thai food i 've ever had . the spring rolls had incredible flavor and the dipping sauce was divine . i had khao soi which was fantastic ! ! will for sure eat here again my next visit to toronto .
1	authentic spices and herbs make the food fresh and full of flavour . an excellent choice is the goa chicken ( green curry , coconut , mint and coriander with chicken ) . highly recommend this place for a good experience with indian food and great service .
1	excellent service and very cozy . i loved the bubble tea and believe i got the spicy garlic chicken with rice . it was unbelievable ! while the rice other places is usually plain and dull , this rice was incredibly flavorful with spices that blew my mind ! & and the chicken and sauce ! ? ! amazing . portion sizes were also excellent . overall excellent experience
1	absolutely phenomenal food , the prices are great , and their range of food is just amazing
1	had the teppan & sushi to celebrate a birthday , and it was a wonderful experience . definitely going back for sushi !
1	kobe beef sashimi and the jalapeño hamachi ( new style hamachi ) is to die for ! it is my favorite sushi restaurant of all time ! always a returning customer .
1	i wish i had words . this is my go-to place and it never fails to hit the spot . it is very small though so you have to be comfortable sitting in close quarters and there is always a long wait . don 't let the wait deter you . it 's 100 % worth it .
1	very friendly staff and timely service . i would recommend making a reservation because the seating is limited . will definitely be going back ! !
1	where else do you get basically a buffet of food , cheese fondue , grade a meats and dessert . definitely coming back here again ! ! ! bravo hobak
1	the whole experience , the atmosphere , the food , the waiter were all amazing ! wait staff accommodated our little 18 month old also ! we also got the egg rolls which comes with a bunch of lettuce , purple leaves , shredded carrotts , cucumber and we had no idea it was to make lettuce wraps until the waiter told us what to do with it , well duh , and so glad he did bc it was delicious ! can 't wait to return !
1	very nice family owned restaurant . clean , simple and inviting . killer menu ! authentic japanese items and some others . never have to wait long for food . accommodating as i 've ever seen ! the woman even pulled out an extra chair for our baby carrier ! i love going to this place ! ! !
1	everything was absolutely perfect . staff was very friendly . will definitely go back again .
1	yellow curry short rib was so good and the dessert had such a good time there
1	all of their menu items are delicious , high quality ( organic ! ) , and make me feel like i 'm indulging even though i 'm staying true to my healthy diet . as if that wasn 't awesome enough - they have coffee ! ! it 's the perfect stop for me between classes .
1	ate baby lamb chops and peking duck till i was pleasantly stuffed ! everything at this buffet is chef quality !
1	we had the evening buffett . i will be driving 40min one way to eat here again . wow i just really enjoyed my meal .
1	cannot wait to go back ! the staff are very wonderful . just a great experience .
1	i ordered delivery through doordash and ordered pork fried rice , mu shu pork , half duck , and singapore rice noodles . each dish was absolutely marvelous ! so glad i 've finally found chinese so tasty .
1	the atmosphere was warm and friendly with young and old adults enjoying their dinner . service was excellent and flavours were tasty and authentic . bring your own wine and they will serve it for your which is very nice touch . i have bookmarked this restaurant under thai however several asian dishes are available . try the sticky rice with shrimp and chicken .
1	extremely kind and generous people run the establishment and like their motto says ... if you 're not feeling the aloha spirit of sharing please return another day it 's well worth the drive out of the strip to taste some amazing food
1	had fried green onions and popcorn shrimp for appetizers followed by dumplings and spare ribs . the sauces for each dish were superb . wonderful combinations of flavors . wish we had a similar place at home . not often in montreal but would return in a heartbeat
1	what an incredible selection of fish on a thursday afternoon . we were in summerlin and everything closer was ayce . ya .. no ! to find this little hidden gem was such a treat . nigiri pieces are relatively small but priced price accordingly . can 't wait to go back
1	and to be honest and fair , i wanted to venture back out in the land of pho in las vegas and after trying other locations again or for the first time , kinh do still wins as best of las vegas for this yelper . items i love over and over again : * pho special combo * bun bo hue * pork sausage patty rolls * bahn mi 's ( i love the fried egg , pork combo ) * vermicelli rice bowls with grilled pork , egg roll and shrimp . i fell in love with this place long time ago and continue to still love because of good service , excellent waiters , and excellent food .
1	preparation , presentation , service . use of spices and fish sauce artfully prepared . thai beef salad out of this world and we will be back . you will not regret it
1	a bit short on seating but the tasty soups are worth it .
1	the environment is nice and warming and the food is amazing ! the sushi is super fresh and the sushi rice was just perfect !
1	great prices for dim sum . perfect for a quick lunch . highly recommend the streamed pork buns . atmosphere is great , and the staff friendly and accommodating . they offer indoor or outdoor patio seating , when the weather is nice . will definitely come back my next trip to pittsburgh .
1	phenomenal view , delicious food- order the bento box and the dim sum dumplings . quite literally one of the best meals of my life . the lighting was a little bright for dinner but nothing to complain about . enjoy this hidden gem in vegas !
1	we had the szechwan dumplings , cumin lamb , and kung pao chicken and loved every bite of our meal . if you are in the mood for a wonderful asian meal definitely give this place a try , although you may have to wait .
1	tons of vegetarian options , including specials , the bahn mi is so tasty , but so is the stir fry and the pho ! the vegan fish sauce it awesome , i always ask for a little cup to dip my sandwich in . the puddings ( only $ 1 ) are a tasty little treat to end the meal . all around great place to get a bite !
1	general tso 's tofu is out of this world , but so is every dish we have ever ordered from here . if we didn 't move out of town , this place would see us every week .
1	spicy eggplant is amazing . surely will be back soon .
1	we tried the beef ... ate all of that . then started eating chicken and fish off my kids plate ... amazing ! the kids loved it too .
1	i come here every week for raw oysters , but everything else on the menus is great as well .
1	super authentic . we order take out there once a week . one of our first times ordering , we asked the woman to give us one of their most authentic dishes , and she recommended the white fish with vegetables in hot pepper , and it was beyond amazing and now a part of our regular order everytime we order from there ! also great is their general taos chicken and spicy green beans ... but cant go wrong with anything you get !
1	their sliced beef with oyster sauce is the most tender and tasty that i have ever tasted and their cashew chicken is outstanding . we have never had a bad meal and we have been going there for years . great local family run restaurant that is always a pleasure to go to . my entire family lights up when i tell them that we are going to nee house for dinner . thank you tony
1	i can now taste their ' stir fried flounder ' .....
1	the ayce menu is three pages long , back and front and there service is very fast . it gets very busy and they get large groups that come in that do the ayce sushi and they do a pretty good job keeping up with everyones orders , occasionally they will forget a roll or two but my group never really cares much . they are very nice and friendly and the food is very fresh and delicious . i recommend this place to everyone !
1	bring cash and watch for potholes . le and his family are very nice and make one delicious sandwich . get the grilled pork- best by far !
1	taste all you want of complex meals in bite size portions . pricey , but worth it . plan on this restaurant !
1	i asked for extra spicy and i finally got it with the best flavor and hardly any wait time . the lady at the front was so sweet which makes this place even better .
1	always go for the combo plates , enough for leftovers . and ask them to bring you a couple of menus to share with their friends . everything is good , but the twice cooked pork and the tangerine chicken are wonderful . when you call they say 45 minutes , never more than 20 to my house .
1	i go here all the time for lunch and dinner with the whole company ! had about everything there and all of it is incredible ! truly the best chinese food i 've ever had . the owner is incredibly nice and super accommodating ! we will continue coming back forever ! ! ! ! : )
1	it 's served hot , fresh and made to order ! maggie is so sweet ! she always makes sure everything tastes great ! we have never had a bad experience here ! the best egg drop soup i have ever tasted ! avoid all those other places and check out 8fortune ! you won 't be disappointed !
1	locally owned and operated , real family business . the food is always fresh and delicious , a regular take out for my family . we are a family of 5 , 3 teenage boys , and the amount of food you receive for the price is incredible . great customer service as well . all around 5 stars ... don 't miss out .
1	excellent service take in or take out.very reasonable prices , generous servings , fresh and delicious ingredients.my wife and i have tried many places and none of them can beat hop hing ! ! !
1	good food , good prices , good people . simple as that . i recommend silk road to everyone . you will not be disappointed .
1	the sushi is amazing as well ... we have always been treated well and had a great experience ! would recommend to anyone !
1	the honey walnut shrimp is delicious ! the egg foo young with shrimp is great ! ! the only place we go for great chinese : )
1	it 's not your average chinese carry-out . you can tell they use better ingredients and recipes . the staff is extremely nice . affordable and delicious . i use this place as a comparison for any other chinese food i eat around the pittsburgh . i eat lunch here about once a week for lunch . the lunch specials run about $ 8-9 and i 'm stuffed . i would definitely recommend this joint to anyone in the wexford area . enjoy !
1	everything i 've had has been delicious and the service is excellent . our family comes in every week and sometimes i make an extra trip to have lunch here during the week !
1	very impressively large menu at great prices ! everything was excellent ! great service .
1	if i could give more than 5 stars , i would ! the owner has a great sense of humor & very warm personality . the food comes out so fast , hot & is delicious . she is very attentive & friendly . the prices are ridiculously reasonable for large portions . can 't go wrong with the daily deals . can 't wait to come back & try other entrees !
1	i wish it wasn 't so pricey ... but what else can i expect in vegas. i love this place so much , we drove 8 hours from california just to eat the big eye tuna pizza and the spicy popping crab. all the food is yummy here & the drinks are good too .... try the infusion . = yummmmm !
1	we ordered edamame , chicken lettuce wraps , beef and broccoli , and pan fried noddles extra crispy with chicken . the flavors were divine and the meals were fresh . service was fast and courteous . we never received the edamame so it was taken off our bill . we didn 't have room for it after the other food we ate . we had plenty of leftovers and ended up bagging them up for a few homeless people on the strip . can 't wait to go back--yum ! ! ! !
1	so delicious and fresh . great service- will definitely come again and again . so happy i found this place . moved to az from seattle , washington didn 't think i would find a decent dimsum place . but i did !
1	the decor is beautiful , the staff were all friendly - our waiter dominic was fantastic ! he explained the dishes we had questions about , made recommendations , kept our glasses full and helped us relax and enjoy the evening . the food was perfect- we had crab wontons & egg rolls for appetizers then sesame chicken , lemon chicken breasts with cold broccolini salad on top and lemon pepper shrimp . all were large portions with enough to take home for next day 's lunch . my lemon pepper shrimp was so flavorful that i will order it again !
1	my husband and i love little tokyo bistros . we visit at least once a week . great food and great service . .. luv it !
1	the general manager leslie came out several times as well to check on our dinner excellent service all the way around . the menu is impeccable , everything was delicious so many selections you cannot go wrong with this restaurant a must try while in las vegas ! !
1	they are going to show you his culture by passing you an amazing plate of food through the window if you are a food truck fan then search this one out you will not be disappointed ! !
1	server was great . we were seated within 10 minutes without a reservation . great wine and sake selection . highlight was definitely the house made fried tofu dish . second best was the featured junmai daiginjo . go here .
1	lunch is a bargain . very nice people and well run resturant . i drive from charlotte weekly for lunch and am never disappointed . the nigeri 8 piece lunch is amazing for 9 dollars .
1	we also had the egg foo yung , shrimp in garlic sauce and the crab rangoon which is exceptionally flavorful . the owners ( or whatever family ) are always on hand and are very friendly and accommodating .
1	all the other food we 've ordered has been great too . i believe there are some misunderstandings when ordering over the phone ( language / accent ) but those don 't detract from the great food .
1	if you are craving filipino this is the place to go . i am very picky because i know what i like but they do really good here with the food and customer service . if you are in las vegas i suggest you try it here .
1	super selection from all the sushi , teriyaki , etc , but the best is all the unique and extensive speciality rolls . my favorite is the " bayou gumbo roll . " semi-spicy with some very special items such as crawfish . we found them from a review in the arizona republic newspaper , food review section . they were given a very excellent review , and i know agree there were correct . we have been several times and the food never changes . it is interesting that the name on their card doesn 't have the word " koi " in the name , but it 's the correct address .
1	whether you 're bored with the ubiquitous maguro , california rolls , etc . , or just looking for a great bowl of okinawan noodles , this is your place . besides , where else can you find shiokara ? order from the specials board for the best variety of tastes , or you can do what i do and let the chef make whatever he thinks is best . sometimes the ex-pat sitting next to you is a celebrity in japan who is in az to anonymously enjoy a little golf . and if you 're a baseball fan , stop by during spring training ; you may be sharing bar space with more than one major leaguer .
1	nice food low price and many choices ! will come back for more food .
1	absolutely the best korean food in the valley , never had a bad meal here and this is our 10 th visit !
1	they have a wide variety of choices on their menu and their thai tea is amazing . highly recommend
1	i did the chefs choice ( $ 140 ! ! ! ) and did not regret it at all . this included six delicious courses that are affectionately described by staff members who really care about the food they serve . it was more of an event than a meal - although i was definitely full when it was over . so awesome to know you 're eating what the chef is most proud of .
1	a bit about the restaurant- perfectly located next to the water , you can sneak a peak of the fountains if you 're lucky during dinner . the service was impeccable . the ambiance was elegant and trendy . the noise level was not too loud . the menu is fresh , creative , and intriguing . my personal fav was the pop rocks sushi roll ( sweet and savory were well-balanced here ) and the big eye tuna pizza ( what in the world is on here and how was it so amazing ? ! ) . other notable awesome dishes were rock shrimp and tempura alaskan king crab . yellowtail will be my first stop when i return to the strip !
1	try the chongqing chicken , the mapo tofu , the xinjiang style lamb-- all fantastic ! service is good , hours very convenient . take it from someone who lived on china for 3 years- this is the real deal !
1	we frequesnt big heng so much that they started buying our favorite sodas ( at the grocery store ) to have cold & on hand for when we 're there ( about once a month ) ! that is customer service ! ! egg drop soup , house fried rice and lo mein , orange chicken , beef & broccoil are a-mazing !
1	definitely try the many types of uni here ! nice and comfortable seating and friendly service . chef johnny is an awesome guy !
1	always great service too . the vermicelli with fish cakes are perfection every time . it 's a small cozy place with sweet family employees .
1	why someone would give 4 stars for not having a veg friendly pho is beyond me - maybe don 't get pho ? if you want legit broth perfectly seasoned this is your spot .
1	the place is hidden in an unappealing area but very worth the stop . i drive from the other side of town just to eat pho here . the spring rolls are delicious ; everything taste so fresh . the boba is amazing as well ! i definitely recommend this spot !
1	spring rolls are a must also . friendly staff . definitely recommend this place
1	great service , great location , nice decor comfortable atmosphere .
1	soup base is full of aromas , and the meat is of high quality . you can taste the difference between a good bowl of pho and a bad one . what you get here is simply the best .
1	it doesn 't look like much from the outside , but this is one of those hole in the wall , diamond in the rough , true local treasures that should not be past up . not only is the food amazing , but their macarons and ice cream sandwiches are equally as amazing . i 've been raving about this places since i first ate here .
1	my mother got the combination pho and the broth was very favorable . i got the shrimp crispy egg noodles and it was soooo good ​ . portion is very generously . the staff is very friendly and the price is good . mom and i absolutely love this place . i definitely would go back . if you love pho please try this place . my only regret is i shouldn 't wait this long to try this place .
1	only place i 'll go to eat pho. the portions are huge and the staff are always so friendly
1	i used to go to pho mi 99 , which i thought was great ... until i had pho hung . it 's spacious , clean , the people are friendly , and everything tastes wonderful . there 's no weird pieces of who knows what in your soup or bun , extremely tasty . i don 't have one negative thing to say . the reviewer below is right ... its a little bit extra , but completely worth every penny .
1	absolutely the best pizza in town hands down. service is great , food is priced accordingly and comes out at the usual time that food should come out at. the owners are very nice !
1	great homemade cooking . this is like grandmas homemade cooking . i 've been here several times everything is good and there is no other place around town that taste so fresh and authentic like this place . definitely worth your time . and the portion sizes are huge ! i would recommend and item but everything taste good like really
1	i would recommend island flavor over any other hawaiian spot in town .
1	i live in chicago and find it difficult to find good places to eat while i 'm traveling for work . i stepped into this little restaurant once and i 've been a customer every time i visit . the food is fresh , tasty and unique . don 't even get me started on staff . everyone is always so welcoming and attentive . my favorite little gem in urbana ! !
1	highly recommended ! very picky about sushi . super fresh and tightly rolled ( properly ) . burgers are fantastic first burger ever i didn 't put ketchup on nor did my husband ... and he eats everything with ketchup . fried pickles are the best i have ever had . we like hooters pickles these are 1000 % better . mostly because they are thicker and fried to perfection . we are just driving through tonight but will visit charlotte again soon just for cowfish ! oh and fyi the area is really nice .
1	i ordered the shoyu ramen and every bite was delicious . i will definitely be coming here every time i am in vegas ! priced very reasonably . the noodles were perfect and just absolutely mouth watering ! new favorite ramen place !
1	real , authentic food , generous portions . a must try when in the area .
1	absolutely , the best restaurant in cleveland try crab fry rice here they are using real crab ( i think vancouver crab ) i have never had better fry rice than this in my entire life they also have good tom yam coom ? ( spicy soup with shrimp ) and try extra spicy pad thai and you will get the world class food here in cleveland
1	the selection is perfect with various choices of different fillings for your roti , also other great selections as well . it 's made to perfection with the right amount of spices and heat to give it a nice flavorful kick . this is definitely a sure place to check out in toronto . the interior decor is pleasant for a quick drop in and sit down / take out or for a nice casual date out on the town .
1	service was almost too fast . we went early ( 5 : 00 ) and it was awesome . fair warning portions are huge .
1	any other place i go just does not compare . i do wish they would answer their phone more often though .
1	yes it 's expensive , but it 's absolutely worth it .
1	i also had the bbq ribs appetizer with a side of steamed rice . outstanding service and the food was brought out with a quickness ! ! i 'll definitely be back when i visit vegas again .
1	fast service , great ambience , can 't go wrong .
1	got 3 special rolls ( cherry blossom , the surfer and samurai ) . there are a lot of sushi places in charlotte but this is probably one of the better smaller restaurants .
1	the place doesn 't look very fancy on the outside it 's a big shopping plaza with another chinese restaurant in indian restaurant in the same location but the sushi here is something that you will not be able to find anywhere else in the phoenix metro . without too many fancy lights or ultra expense decor , the sushi here is always fresh and melts in your mouth . it 's also affordable compared to other high end places in town but they still can 't match the quality of the sushi here .
1	but i still love them ! i am a yum-yum addict ! i crave the stuff. you guys absolutely rock - try the fried philadelphia roll and the fried california roll - make sure they put lots of yum yum souce on it ! ! ! ! ! !
1	amazing atmosphere , quiet dining to allow you to focus on how good the food you are eating really is. its pricey , but worth it .
1	i have eaten at very high end sushi restaurants in toronto as well , like ki at bce place . this place is way better . it 's pretty pricey and does not offer all you can eat , which is a sign of their quality . the price is high for sushi in the suburbs , but the quality and presentation is amazing .
1	i have been going to them for over 16 years . been a happy customer back from sapporo days . yes ! it is that good .
1	i have eaten here at least 10 times and the food is always consistently good ... nobu trained yoshi is a top notch japanese sushi chef ... no wannabes here ... try it and you will be hooked for life
1	support the small restaurant not the casino ! everyone here has shown genuine passion for the food they served me . this is without a doubt my favorite place i 've eaten in this city .
1	top quality seafood at very reasonable prices . conveniently located in the northwest . tip-ask for some garlic sauce ! !
1	super fresh and creative rolls . my favorite is the jalapeño tuma roll ! fabulous view of the strip too . highly recommend !
1	the roll selection is incredible ! ! highly recommend ! !
1	great sake selection ! ! ! the sashimi was cut beautifully & unbelievably delicious . the salmon melted in my mouth like butter ! ! ! the rolls were also fresh & tasty ! ! ! hands down the best sushi in las vegas ! ! !
1	this will be our go-to place from now on . a friendly staff , quiet atmosphere , and fresh ingredients .
1	we have stopped in 3 times since they opened ; the food and service has always been exceptional ! don 't change a thing .
1	for affordability , presentation , quality , and service . believe me , as growing up in markham , and frequenting the city for school , i have been to countless sushi places of all types . this one was exceptional . you must go . you will find absolutely nothing to complain about . hands down a great experience .
1	lunch is different from dinner , they tend to the fast paced lifestyle during lunch , but dinner is a sit down . they use the purple rice instead of the typical white . when i go i always get the oh my god ! roll ... just trust me it is a show and it taste amazing . they do their nigiri right , cut and prepped properly . it is run by japanese owner not korean like majority of the sushi restaurants in town .
1	get the sashimi and short rib ! ask for jon ! !
1	huge selection of variety of rolls and they will prepare special rolls no problem . this is one of my favorite lunch places and always take guests whenever possible . mid range prices , but large size rolls and friendly service easily make up for that .
1	great food , nice atmosphere and awesome staff ! i highly recommend this place ! ! ! ! # iloveit
1	the " sean spicer " roll . the staff was friendly and fast and seriously the best king crab ever !
1	i 've been going here for several years ( it used to be called fukuda ) and have always found the restaurant very clean and with excellent fresh ingredients . i 've never had the sushi here , but every time i go for tepan the sushi bar is loaded with people ! i could only suggest two things to improve the dining experience : ( 1 ) get rid of the fantastically bad music that is always playing , ( 2 ) have the chefs offer to prepare cooked sauces ( like musashi on paradise ) .
1	beautiful decor , huge delicious portions and wonderful wait staff . geoffrey , our chef was great ! a place to definitely come back to , and we will ! what a wonderful way to spend our anniversary ! !
1	their homemade chili sauce with anything is my favorite i have it at least 2 times a week
1	yellow curry , pineapple fried rice , spicy basil noodles ... oh my ! ! ! this is last meal on earth amazing ! ! the service was excellent ! food authentic ! flavors were out of this world . can 't wait for leftovers tomorrow !
1	was craving some authentic thai during a 2 month stay in the beautiful toronto during winter . this place does it . it 's in a super cool spot ( although parking is a pain ) , with a playful menu , but the flavors are 10 / 10 . love the curry noodles and beef stew and pad thai . the shredded pork with rice and egg are a must ! order everything if your wallet allows , portions are not that big . cocktails are strong and tasty . we went late afternoon and there was no wait . service was a little slow and prices are a little high though but i will be back for more each visit !
1	always great service and very quick on pick up orders !
1	absolutely the best thai i have had anywhere and i have been everywhere.from midland to victoria.anazing !
1	fresh , delicious and great service to boot . this is my new go-to place for thai .
1	the tom ka gai soup was out of this world . a multitude of flavors exploding in your mouth ! i went with a party of six and each of us loved our appetizers , soups and entrees . i ordered the vegetable fried rice and green basil curry which were excellent . there 's a little thai place in prescott , az that gives the green curry a run for it 's money , but overall still great . the service was wonderful as well - our waiter , daniel , was friendly and gave us excellent service . this is a little gem of a restaurant in old town !
1	we love lotus , but i think this place takes the cake . everything was fresh and flavorful with a very upscale feel ! the red curry and pad thai were both incredible ! !
1	i never review a place after my first experience i always wait . i have been here now several times and the food and service has not faltered in the slightest . i judge all thai restaurants on the same things : yellow curry , pad thai and the level of spiciness and this place gets 100 's in every category . do yourself a favor and rush to this spot !
1	the owners give personal service and prepare the food just like at their home . they offer a full menu including breakfast . they serve vietnamese coffee , made one cup at a time , which can be hot or iced . meals come with unlimited vietnamese tea . our favorites are , pho , bun , savory crepes , breakfast sandwich , and vn spring roll . you will not find better authentic vietnamese food in the area . golden sea also has a full standard chinese menu which is of the same high standard .
1	very nice decor . server helped explain the menu items . very very fresh . great price .
1	very well priced happy hour and good drink specials along with havin a lot of fun dishes to try . always very accommodating to my 3 year old and her messy ways , they gave her training chopsticks ! i probably could still use them .
1	the broth has a special flavor , noodles are freshly made , and the wontons are superb . would recommend you also try the vegetable ... dip in a little hoisin ... yum .
1	im born and raised in hawaii and went to japan a couple times , but i have never found better sushi . the chirashi bowl is amazinggggg and i get it every time . i always start with the salt and pepper shrimp and seaweed salad and i am never disappointed . the service is awesome and everyone is so kind here ! i hope more people get the chance to experience the amazing food here ! i love love love this place ! i 'm so happy i found this gem !
1	very good desserts ! you will never be disappointed ! 1st stop in vegas after that long drive from san diego ! make sure to bring a cooler to take some back home !
1	i have spent a lot of time in japan , and the flavors just make me feel like i am sitting in a ramen shop in tokyo for osaka . it was extremely busy tonight , yet we were seated within 10 minutes and our appetizer came out within five minutes , and our ramen came out just exactly when we finished our appetizer ! perfect ! fast friendly service with a big smile ! the kind that is extremely hard to find these days . wonderful people and a wonderful restaurant ! i love this place , it 's the best !
1	the food was delicious , and fresh , the tom yum soup was the best ever . the service was outstanding . i totally recommend this restaurant to anyone and everyone
1	everything is sooooo good ! i highly highly highly recommend soho-my fave sushi / japanese restaurant on this planet ! ! !
1	chef hitoshi really cares about each dish which you can tell by the amazing presentation . we had the $ 100 omakase which did not disappoint as well as the sake sampler , unagi seaweed roll and a dragon roll . 6 stars but i can only give 5 can 't wait to go back ! ! ! ! ! !
1	absolutely the go to spot for egg foo young lovers it is one of the best i have ever had super clean well mannered great spot to eat
1	sushi chef richard really takes the time to talk to you and get to know you while making your sushi right in front of you ! sushi chef richard always remembers a face and sometimes goes crazy with different sushi . i sometimes ask him to " just make something . " i am never disappointed at what he makes !
1	great family owned place with the best meal i 've ever had in my life . there is no menu , which is neat . dont be in a rush . this is the kind of meal you need to slow down and enjoy . its a small place so you might need to call ahead . we lucked out and walked in and got a table . i can 't say enough . just down right fantastic !
1	the service was also superb . we will be coming back to zuma on our next trip to vegas .
1	anything we could do to find the right place and they 're right here near us ! i told them in my order online that " it better be good ! " and the delivery guy said , " we 're not afraid of you . " justifiably so , they are great ! you guys need to jump on grubhub because a lot of us new yorkers are used to it and you need to give another ( less qualified ) place a run for their money . totally genuine ! ! thanks pauly ! ! !
1	also the owner mia will educate you on many different things including medicine . everyone needs to go try pho 87
1	friends n i sat the a good part of the night and talk and did not feel rushed. love this place !
1	the flavors the smell everybody should have an opportunity to eat in this place when they go to las vegas please take the time to go and give this restaurant a chance and i guarantee every time you go to las vegas this will be a must eat for you
1	i have yet to figure out all the spices that be uses in her broth , but these combinations are so good ..... excellent sandwiches as well . my favorite is the dac biet
1	better than sushi in hawaii , and worth the 30mile drive to eat here ! the ahi tuna tower and hg roll are the bomb ! ! ! the rolls are full of tons of fish and the black rice is super delicious and hard to find ! this is a must try !
1	a big time winner ! ! ! ! each of the rolls were very unique in flavor . service is excellent as well
1	cannot say it enough ! so good ! and a bit of a show , too , so entertainment built right in ! love this place .
1	friday night great service , great food , great atmosphere ! great price ! our server spencer was awesome . we could not leave until we ate everything . sushi was wonderful as was everything else we were served . will be back again .
1	locally owned and ran . easy location to get to and very clean inside . staff is extremely polite and friendly . excellent pot stickers to start and i had the pad prik king with chicken , hot , for lunch . hot on their scale is quite hot , so be wary . i shutter to think of what their thai hot would be like . all very fresh and flavorful , including the egg-drop soup and the jasmin iced tea . we finished it with sticky rice and coconut ice cream , which was a perfect foil to the spicy entree . this will absolutely become a regular visit in the lunch rotation .
1	this place is always very inviting the smell of the food the aroma that hit you when you walk in the door is mouthwatering . the sushi is outstanding and the service is always perfect . i 've eaten there so many times i cannot count , but i have never had a bad experience in over 20 years of eating at this restaurant . this is absolutely one of my favorite places because i know how careful they are with their food preparation and the fact that the place is spotless , and exceptionally good service . by the way i always check the bathrooms before i actually sit down to eat in a place , and their bathrooms would get an a rating from me .
1	i went for the shrimp / seafood diablo recommended by guy fieri seen on food network last friday . will definitely return .
1	spicy tan tan , crack or fried chicken , soft egg , corn , and spicy garlic paste . the first sip of broth floors you . please , please open another location in north scottsdale ! ! !
1	it 's hard to find really great sushi places in this city that make delicious and creative rolls . i ordered the shimma roll and the salmon fry both were totally amazing . when i got my bill it was mysteriously 20 % off everything . the service was great and the food was amazing , i will definitely go back !
1	they said the wait would be about an hour but only waiting 30 minutes . best customer service i have ever had at a restaurant . they said they were backed up in the kitchen , but the food came out a lot quicker than expected and the food was absolutely fantastic ! the lettuce wraps are out of this world ! our waitress said it was her first night and it was almost as if she had been at the restaurant for years . make sure to ask for donna ! highly recommended ! !
1	love the food and karaoke ! check out their instagram account for food pix . i can 't wait to try everything !
1	hubby , bro and sis agreed . appetizers we can vouch for : pad hed , miang pou lettuce wraps and nua nam tok . felt bad for ordering pad thai because come on , you can get that everywhere and they have so many unique dishes , but i think i just found out what pad thai is supposed to taste like . more savory , less sugary , little slice of lime . oooo food coma comin on .
1	quality meat and vegetables are fresh and not overcooked . substitutes are not a problem . definitely will be back .
1	a total hidden gem . amazing food and atmosphere . a perfect date night .
1	prices amazed me i 'm always used to purchasing sushi for twice as much . i have overdone myself this time . only 4 minutes away , this is my new forever spot ! ! !
1	the entire experience is so fun . will was our cook and he was just amazing . he had a wonderful personality and he really put on a show for us . we got the geisha special and it was amazing . the salad dressing is delicious , as was the sauce that came with the egg rolls . the big mac sauce with the entrees was my favorite of the three that they give you . i would have liked more than two pieces of shrimp with my meal , but there is enough meat to compensate for that . i would definitely recommend this location to everyone !
1	amazing food , great selection , wonderful taste . great little gem .
1	food was cooked perfectly , the service was top notch , and the atmosphere was very elegant and nice . a must go !
1	thank you to our server lee b. for making my and my parties time here great . lee has a wonderful sense of humor and it great to his customers . the food was wonderful and hit the spot perfectly . i definitely recommend this place for both its service and it 's food .
1	our chef , tony , was so phenomenal that my kids asked to talk to the manager . he had all the usual tricks plus pop culture references , an amazing sense of humor and some great dance moves . request him if you go with kids , or without !
1	every time i try something new because everything i have is wonderful !
1	a truly authentic experience . i would highly recommend that if you enjoy korean barbecue this is the place to go and it 's right on the strip . as with any korean barbecue place you can expect to pay what i consider to be a normal amount of $ 29 for all-you-can-eat for dinner and $ 26 for lunch . i would say it 's hard to beat . i would have to say also the quality of meat is outstanding . sometimes you find an all-you-can-eat place they use low-quality meet because they move so much . here is the exception ! i would highly recommend that when you 're in town you should definitely stop in .
1	i have always enjoyed coming here to eat and their friendly staff makes it a visit worth while . the food is always great and the prices are excellent . i recommend this restaurant to anyone at anytime . you will not go wrong .
1	we got hue bang and it was the best we 've ever had . check in on yelp to get complimentary egg rolls !
1	the service is polite , quick and professional . great place for sushi !
1	kobo takes really great care to ensure you have a pleasant visit . must try the green dragon roll . : )
1	love the korean barbeque buns and poke appetizer . found the trailer on state street and then went to the restaurant . can 't say enough about the food ! !
1	ordered take out on a whim , and loved it so much that we have dined in a few times now . practically all the dishes on the menu can be prepared vegetarian and they are delicious . service is attentive and helpful . drinks are cheap . may be better than our favorite tremont thai restaurant . beware of the spiciness levels ; i love hot food , but their spicy is crazy ! really love the vegetarian pad see iw !
1	the food is great and the employees are kind . i go here with family , friends , and even by myself when i need the time alone but also want to eat tasty food . thank you sweet tomatoes !
1	the sushi was beautifully crafted and fresh . the salad was much better than any other place i 've eaten sushi . i had the tempura combo and my dining partner had beef teriyaki , both came with soup and salad and we were brought a dish of some complimentary spicy pickled radish . i will definitely be returning here . our server was attentive without hovering .
1	reading the reviews i expected bland and flavorless food but i got the complete opposite ! i would return today but they 're closed .
1	my boyfriend and i love sushi and have eaten at loads of different sushi joints . we even lived in vegas for a year and had our fair share of sushi there . let me tell you though , this place is a game changer for real . service was fast and friendly ! the oh my god roll is to die for ! the decor is modern and unique . that purple rice is awesome . honestly , no complaints at all . loved it !
1	the food was amazing and our party of four split a veggie combo and a meat combo and couldn 't finish it all . we brought home a huge carry out box full of food . we will definitely be going back .
1	the prices were very reasonable , food delicious , and the service was quick and courteous . my only compliant is that they only have one location ! i highly recommend this place .
1	this place is clean , the staff is wonderful and go out of their way to help you . they stay a step ahead of you and get what what you need . the food is perfect ! i have eaten here many many times and it has always been fresh , hot , and delicious ! i highly recommend this place , 100 % !
1	we came here late night on a sunday . there was a steady flow of people coming in . our sever johnathan was very helpful and fast . i loved the atmosphere . my standards of pho has risen because of this place . i 've never had such delightful and tasty soup . i order the egg noodle won ton soup . my boyfriend had the # 13 pho . no complaints here , we just wish we had big stomachs . this is a 24 hour place to dine . food came out super quick .
1	we came in from spokane , wa and decided to try this place from seeing other yelp reviews . the food was fantastic ! very fresh and lots of flavor ! i loved b-18 on the menu . it was so good , we came back 2 days later to have it again . that says a lot when you are in such a large area with so many food options . we will be back when we come back to vegas . this is a must try food location !
1	what a pleasure to find a restaurant in vegas with fresh , delicious food , excellent service and kind people , reasonable prices , and a relaxing atmosphere away from the flashy strip . will be back next time in vegas ! highly recommend . had the pork larb , tom kha soup , pad see ew noodles , and eggplant dish--all were very tasty ! particularly loved the eggplant dish !
1	this is a phenomenal dining experience and they have clearly gone to great lengths to think through every detail . craft at its finest .
1	by far the best chinese food in or around the charlotte area . they have all of the " american " chinese food dishes but the real deal is in the szechuan menu . can 't read but they have an ipad with pictures and descriptions . the thick noodles are amazing
1	we sat at the bar and the staff were absolutely amazing ! thank you brad and dio , your recommendations and service were awesome ! the food that came out was not only displayed incredibly well , it tasted phenomenal . lobster spring rolls were delicious , but the soft crab rolls topped with tuna tartare was incredible ! yip- this was definitely worth every mouthful ! the staff were exceptionally friendly and informative ! and then topped off with apple poe toban yaki- you will want the whole thing ! ! ! wow ! the conversation at the end with chef thomas was great and what a lovely person !
1	this small restaurant features some best sushi rolls i ever had . and joseph , the owner , rocks . he greeted me and my parents personally . no wonder this is one of the few that gets a five star rating .
1	favorite dish by far is the beef sa-te . service is quick and the food comes out pretty fast too . highly recommend this place if you love that food .
1	was a truly delicious experience and look forward to a future visit : ) .
1	i 've haven 't enjoyed a meal this much in a long time . skippa mixed loud , hectic ambiance , with incredible food and warmth from the staff and chef . well done !
0	ordered the steak burrito . it was dry and tasteless . possibly the worst burrito i 've ever had . a waste of money , tummy space and calories . boo to you non gourmet 360 burrito !
0	quality control is missing from : the physical building , the seats , the service , and the food . i was so close to barfing about 2 hours after having a taco / chili rellano plate . avoid .
0	went to macayos for dinner and wanted to sit in the bar to watch sports while we ate . we sat down and there was sports on but no sound . instead it was like i was at a rock concert as the bar tender had alternative music playing and at a level that anyone in the bar area could hear . then on top of that we didn 't get service unless we asked for it directly , no drink refills or chips . i would avoid sitting at the bar as the bartender was more attentive with something other than being at the bar .
0	terrible wait times at night . staff appears confused regularly . i gave this location multiple chances . closes before posted times . avoid ! ! ! !
0	they tasted like watered-down juice . server didn 't even offer to have remade nor suggested any alternative from drink menu . service was ok but expected much better for a place of this caliber and price . paella was very good--just too oily for my taste . not going back
0	they are under different management / ownership . don 't expect the same service and quality . everything used to be ordered and delivered exactly like i wanted . i went yesterday and didn 't receive what i asked for nor was it correct when i did get it . loyal customer not coming back .
0	they say they have a drive thru yet i 've attempted on several occasions to utilize it , i 've either had to honk , drive up to the window and wave to get someone 's attention or just leave . i stand all day at work and prefer to use the drive thru it 's very frustrating . i found another one on the corner of nellis and lake mead that actually has a drive thru that works .
0	this area is dangerous . none of their food is worth getting mugged over .
0	how do you screw up nachos ? we were going to go here for dinner , but wound up killing our first drink and going elsewhere . horrible , horrible place . the only thing worse than the food was the service . and that 's saying something .
0	my wife and i always go to the location on decatur and twain . this time we decided to give this location a try and it was a huge mistake ! it took 29 minutes ( i timed it on my fitbit ) just for our server " cesar " to get our order ! we ended up not giving him a tip and the jerk actually followed us outside and asked us why ! i thought that was very unprofessional . so if you want horrible service , than go eat here .
0	comically small portions . horrible service . constantly out of critical items . don 't quite understand how you can mess up chipotle this bad , unless management simply does not care . i 'm done with this location . i 'd rather drive the extra few miles to old sauk .
0	horrible customer service ! felipe rodriguez ( if that is his real name ) needs a few lessons in customer service . this is , well was my go to for pizza . i accidentally placed an online order at this location while out of town . out of courtesy , i called to cancel the order and he was extremely rude and hung up on me . i tried calling again to speak to a supervisor but instantly kept being sent to hold . needless to say , i will not be getting my pizza here ever again .
0	i 've gone here twice , and both times were awful . the most recent time , i waited in their drive through line for 15 minutes , just to get home and realize they gave me someone else 's order . this place is ridiculous and i 'm never going back ... i would advise you to do the same .
0	ya it 's fast food , but i still expect it to be at least warm and semi fresh . every time i have been here the food is cold ! get it together " managers . " it 's fast food , not that damn hard .
0	i hate this place it 's too bad i like mcdonalds food
0	it 's disgusting and cold . last time i got food poison from eating here ! also they forget to give items on drive through .. there was a time i had to go back to drive though simply cuz they didn 't fulfill my order
0	the owner is an animal . as i was outside the umbrella came flying out of the table and hit my car and almost hit my wife . the " owner " could not have been less remorseful . i told him that it was a safety hazard and he replied ; " what do you want me to do about it ? " i then shook my head and told him he was an idiot , at that point he tried to start a fistfight with me . this guy is out of his mind and should most likely be in prison !
0	- you are easily fooled by the sweet hostess at the front door . from there it was pretty much downhill . the food , to say the least was so-so . the prices were astronomical . $ 10 for a guacamole appetizer ? ? do you know how many avocados you can buy for $ 10 ? you get one . the food was minimally warm . i can see they were having a busy day , but for your server to serve like warm luke food , is unacceptable . there are much better places in gilbert to go if you want food . this is not one of them .
0	all cost i tell you ! ! ! even juan avoids this place ! ! i 'm going to keep it pretty simple , walked in with my gf waited 40 minutes after they messed up our order only to find out when we got home i bit in to my burrito it had a large piece of plastic in it ! ! look just avoid this place not worth the headache. don 't be the unlucky juan eating from here ! ! ! plastic ! ! she rolled the burrito with plastic in it ! ! i made this yelp account only to make this review , not a picky dude but this is ridiculous .
0	i had some beef tacos and they have to be the worst i 've ever had in my life ! i have never seen taco meat like this ? it looked like they first boiled a steak and then chopped it with a claw hammer and seasoned it only with black pepper . my wife had the steak buritto and encountered the same lousy beef . i went to this place because i was nearby and a yelper had given it 5 stars ? ! ? i can 't even imagine how drunk this person must have been to give it 5 stars . did i already say ? avoid this place ! !
0	is the service slow ? well , the water in my glass evaporated before they even took our drinks order . then it was an equally long wait before they took our food order . each time we asked a server for something , they disappeared never to be seen again . ridiculous . the food was okay - standard pseudo-mexican fare - and the margarita was tasty , but neither worth another evening of waiting and waiting and waiting .
0	horrible service , mediocre food , terrible management . took 4 hours to eat , and the experience was less than memorable .
0	the waitress barely spoke english and you could hardly understand her . she took the order then she was mia she never came to check on us . to the extent that we had to get another server to refill our drinks and get the bill . lasalsa you should be ashamed to be employing such a low caliber of employee ! ! !
0	the place had food scattered all over the floor and the tables . the chicken is so bland and flavorless . salsa was mediocre at best . my burrito was really undercooked . super over priced . took us 20 minutes for us to get our food with no one in front of us . will not be back .
0	ordered the beef burrito combo ( with rice and beans ) . this was unequivocally the worst burrito i have ever seen . came in a wrap , was so moist it was sopping wet . the packaging started sticking to the wrap and was difficult to separate . chewing on paper , not the nicest feeling . rice and beans were very small portions . combo is not a deal . should have checked with yelp first . my bad !
0	the chilaquiles ordered tasted like marianara sauce and we 're so soft and watered down we wonder if they were fresh with little to no cheese . then he had the nerve to say " it 's because your white bro . " we waited 20 min to sit , had to walk up to the front and ask for refills , never got an entree and he had the nerve to argue with us about the food .
0	i did check yelp prior to going in and there was only two $ $ so i figured it would be reasonably priced . wrong ! we ordered two margaritas which were ok but nothing to write home about . then we perused the menu . outrageous prices . our baby started getting whiny so we used him as an excuse to bone out . $ 26.00 for 2 margaritas . dinner would have easily been over $ 100 and the menu choices are basic . but hey , maybe you guys are rich ? ?
0	who decided to put this place in an airport ! ? do not eat at moes ever and especially if you are about to board an airplane . me and my traveling companion both were sick as dogs after eating here ! we both had the nachos which were less than mediocre and barely warm
0	the management is so rude that it is shocking . we have never been treated this way before and frankly don 't understand how they are as successful as they are . customer service anyone ? also don 't be swayed by all the positive reviews . they took my negative review down in less then 5 minutes on facebook .
0	the food was fine , but they were totally dishonest . we paid for our meal with a visa , and when we checked our account , we were overcharged . i had signed the receipt and added a tip , however the worker must have gone back and added more of a tip ! when i called to let the manager know what happened , i got nothing but attitude from her . she told me that they don 't keep any records of sales , and couldn 't do anything . pay with cash !
0	my wife and i decided to buy lunch from this location through their drive thru . i gave my order through their intercom . we drove to the window to pay and after this guy returned my credit card i asked him for something and i was still talking he immediately closed his window - how rude ! their food is not good as other filiberto 's , the lemon they gave me has molds ! save yourself and go somewhere else ! definitely will not go back to this place !
0	avoid this tourist trap mediocre re heated chain restaurant food annoying disney esque mexican decor
0	go there to have a drink and dance on latin music . understaffed , worst customer service . extremely loud ear buzzing music . we left due to poor customer service .
0	went through the drive-thru , was not given any receipts whatsoever & of course order had 3 wrongs items even after they were confirmed following the order . they want me to drive back to the store for a " free replacement meal , " yipee ! ! only reason this franchise is still in business is their location .
0	this place is lacking in all areas - food quality was not good at all , restaurant was empty on a saturday night , place is very outdated , and the prices of the menu far exceed the quality of food they serve . my wife and i were optimistic as we love all types of latin food , but we learned the hard way with an overall unpleasant dining experience on all fronts .
0	location not open . called the business and recorded message indicates they 're open . tried aunt chilada 's and it wasn 't bad . i won 't be coming back to los dos since they don 't keep their posted business hours .
0	ate there twice now and it is way overpriced and not good at all . we got a burrito , a cheese quesadilla and a tiny thing of cheap chips with this weird cheese sauce and it was 20 dollars ! bad food , definitely never going back there again !
0	aweful service , when we arrived at least 5 out of 8 tables were empty but dirty , we had to wait 10 minutes to get someone ask " do you want to seat here ? " duh !
0	the food was bland , the service was a celebration of " i 'm gay , " heres your food . i would not buy stock in this chain. it is as common as brown dirt , and the food is the same .
0	absolutely awful . the staff here is outright rude and don 't bother with drive-thru unless you want to keep your car running for 20 minutes while they ignore you . i 've been here 3 times and every time they 've taken excessively long to prepare my order and still got my order incorrect . when confronted , they argued about it . seriously , drive the 2 blocks down the road to the other drive-thru mexican place and save yourself the headache .
0	all i can say . horrible service for 1 and the food is nothing special and it 's over priced !
0	i am embarrassed they call this mexican , especially when we border mexico . had to meet clients there recently as they selected it , i will say they are consistent . jw
0	20 minuets in the drive-thru with an empty restaurant inside . the staff is incompetent i asked what non carbonated drinks they have . the response was all diet pops . when i finally made it up to the window i saw employees just sitting around .
0	just a disgrace . these employees have no pride in what they do . and it shows !
0	service was just as bad as the food . ordered a chicken burrito and had about four pieces of chicken . rice was very very dry . you can eat better at taco bell . so that should sum it up .
0	awful i had a bowl of enchilada sauce for tortilla soup and a salad under my gross cheese enchiladas ! cold taco ! this place is garbage ! run ! ! ! ! nothing family about this place ! gotta puke !
0	she 's rude and rushes you . they always make mistakes . the reason i stop here so often is because it is close to my work and has a drive thru . i try not to order something to complicated for them .
0	beans were undercooked & tamales were so dry ..... the only decent thing was the beer . would never go there again . asta la vista baby !
0	bland flavored food . one member of our party had hair in her food . gross ! ! ! service didn 't come with a smile . the manager who came over to apologize was nice . i will never go back .
0	the drinks are decent and the service was good but i can 't overlook the terrible food . i 've tried many other mexican places in the area and this is my least favorite .
0	bunch of rude , arrogant whatever ... service was terrible , unless you are into waiting forever to place an order and then expect a heaping portion of attitude along with it . i don 't go out to be treated like someone 's doing me a favor . do yourself a favor and avoid going here ever .
0	came in before meeting up with some friends later on at the casino . sat at the bar because i was by myself . bartender was clearly irritated i wanted to eat at the bar . food took quite a while to come and when it did it was bland and possibly the driest chicken i 've ever eaten . rolled the dice with a margarita but it was a gross bottle mix , thick and syrupy . didn 't want salt , but got salt . poor experience and will not be returning !
0	my kid has a severe food allergy with avocados / tomatoes . she ordered nachos with no guacamole no pico . order came with guacamole . the evil cashier lady refused to fix it and made her order and pay for another one ! we used to eat here at least once / week with 3 teenagers in the house . go somewhere else ! shadow ridge high school students beware . . . little triana could have died there !
0	coming from toronto i was used to having alot of great jamaican restaurants at my disposal and was excited to try this one . was greeted ( eventually ) as if i was a nuisance , even though i was the only person in the restaurant . the food came out very quickly , and must have just been warmed up in the microwave because it was too quick to have been cooked even close to fresh . tasteless chicken with zero love . can someone please open a good jamaican place other than dw bistro ? dw is great but more fusion .
0	complained to corporate . they screwed up my order twice . food made me sick . tip : don 't order the zucchini batons . they 're gross .
0	waited in the drive thru for 20 minutes , heard whispering through the intercom , finally gave my order only to wait another 20 minutes for my food , ended up with the wrong order . never go here !
0	customer service was terrible ! the general mgr with the red hair and beard was a douche ! our daughters friend had a finger nail in her food . my husband had a bug in his tea . and our son had a mosquito in his chips ! the manager all but accused us of putting the nail in the food . horrible ! never ever will we return !
0	we just went to pick up our order and when we asked for the special on the sign they would not honor it . tacky decor . don 't waste your time or money here . food is average at best .
0	don 't go . canned chicken . horrid margarita . the service was mediocre and rushed .
0	do yourself a favor and go down the street to mcdonald 's for a quick burger . not only did they mess up our order twice , the food came out cold . not just room temperature but actually cold . never again .
0	gave to the birds . trader jose 's handmade tortillas as really nice and they are soft tasty with few ingredients .
0	trying again wednesday ... i am told i ordered the wrong thing ...
0	3 bites into it , had to toss it . still , stayed with me for 4 very uncomfortable hours . who knows what i ingested but it was not something humans should consume--even on a bet. hold your appetite for a joint that won 't make you regret what you eat .
0	half of my party waited 30 minutes for their food . so one half had to sit and watch the other half eat . then the minute we got done my table was told to leave the restaurant because people were waiting . we were not asked to leave . never in my life have i been told to leave a restaurant to make room for other people . no one else was asked to leave but my table . awful customer service and totally disrespectful . i 've contacted corporate and i will he following up .
0	mookie is the worst manager , and so rude ! i got to the window and wanted to add on onion rings and she was like " i can 't do add ons at the window there 's a car behind you . " so she made me get my food and come back around . while fulfilling my order i was observing and not only is she rude to me , she 's rude to her employees ! speaks to them with zero respect . absolutely a terrible manager . i don 't see why it was so difficult to add on the onion rings .
0	waste of time and money ! rude employee named marisa or maritsa .... we were fine with paying for drinks but wouldn 't take off a disgusting cheese soup . if you enjoy good quality mexican food . go to mangos just down the road from here or even go to taco bell they are even more authentic than this place . never again
0	i was part of a large group of mostly out of town guests . we arranged to visit the night before and were assured they could accommodate the size of our group ( 35 people ) . the food was decent but nothing special . the service was horrible . when a complaint was made to the " manager " the service got even worse . overall , there are too many other options in old scottsdale than to waste your time and money here ...
0	messed my boyfriend 's order up twice . couldn 't answer simple questions about the food or function on a line at all . rude when asked questions and rude when called out about being wrong . definitely not coming back .
0	the food was ok but i was charged $ 50 when i expected $ 32 ! they really need to make it more transparent what you will be paying ! ! !
0	the cheese enchiladas were not even melted and had no flavor . my sons highchair was still filthy after the highschool girl sprayed it down with windex and a dirty rag- i went over it with a wet wipe and it was brown . don 't waste your time or money- totally sub par all the way around !
0	there are plenty of other restaurants around with great mexican fare than to eat here . also it took an hour to get our meal for take out on a sleepy thursday night . we would have walked away if we didn 't feel bad for our bartender she is the only reason we stayed and paid for our food .
0	there are few kosher restaurants so unfortunately anything goes ! ! !
0	waiter kept calling me " chief . " chips are good but food quality and temperature were very poor . really disappointing
0	food and service were pathetic . thankfully we 're leaving ... sad that leaving is the highlight of being here . not recommended .
0	anything else ? i worked by here for a while and some team members liked to come into this place at lunch for drinks . even the cheese crisp sucks !
0	food is awful , place smells . would not recommend this place at all . food is made with this lime juice and all food is covered with onions , and the black beans and rice is gross .
0	just reprehensible . i feel disgusting and terrible about my life now that i ate that over salted , processed cheese injected , and questionable " meat " meal . service - nice but painfully slow , especially for an airport . the worst " mexican " food i 've ever thrown down my gullate .
0	no silverware was even placed on table . definitely not a place to eat .
0	food tasted like a frozen microwave meal . way too expensive for what it was . halfway through our meal , people sitting across from us walked out after finding mold throughout their salad . their quote to manager after she offered to comp meal was , " you couldn 't pay me to eat here . " my thought now ... you couldn 't pay me to ever eat there again ! goodbye chili 's !
0	only thing good about this place was how lovely our waitress was . doesn 't even deserve 1 star .
0	owner / cook was a jerk , told my wife and i next time you come you should only bring cash ? ? ? ? very unprofessional , i do not recommend this place .
0	girls at the bar don 't know what they are doing ! they need to be more careful and not give attitude when it 's their mistake and i saw it happen .
0	awful , got a beef taquito , and it did not look like beef and had a funny taste and smell .
0	half the food bins are empty and they are scraping the bottom to fill your order ! both times i went the employees were arguing with each other . very uncomfortable . next time i 'll drive to the other location - much better service and employees . and they have their bins filled at all times !
0	i didn 't expect much from a food truck in champaign , il but it wasn 't even worth $ 7 . my friend who knows zero about food made me come here with him . i 'm just glad i didn 't get food poisoning , but i may need to reconsider our friendship .
0	i sent my margarita back twice and finally settled on water . i ordered some mediocre nachos , paid my bill and caught my flight . a few days later , my bank statement included one bill for the nachos , and then the waitress , without informing me , charged the 2 margaritas that i sent back to my card , as well , but on a separate bill . how deceitful ! definitely regret my experience here .
0	i stopped here during my layover in phoenix and i was higly dissapointed . i love mexican food but this was disgusting . i ordered the steak tacos ; the steak had an almost burnt taste to it with absolutely no seasoning . the entree came with black beans and mexican rice , they were both also very bland . the service also was pretty bad ; my waitress was very slow . i sat there for 15min before she even asked me if i wanted a drink . i definetely don 't recommend this restaurant .
0	i went through the drive-thru and ordered two chicken enchiladas w / rice & beans . i got home , opened the box and took a couple bites & got no chicken , so i cut the enchiladas open and it had 95 % onions & peppers and 5 % chicken ! i love mexican food , but this is the worst i 've ever had ! on a positive note , the rice & beans were good .
0	just awful . i took about three bites of my beef burrito and threw it away . flavors were all off . i felt sorry for the staff .
0	just awful . not sure how so many people love this place but it was literally the worst " mexican " i 've ever had . i had a burrito bowl with " steak " which looked and tasted like dried up ground beef . i had to force myself to eat it . it 's not difficult to make a burrito bowl . my boyfriend had a burrito and his description is just plain nasty . we sat there looking at all the zagat awards on the wall and i thought to myself we must be being punkd . the employees were awesome but i will stay as far away from this place as possible .
0	just disgusting . cold food . not going back . yuck ! ! ! but at least they finally got rid of that chocolate germ fountain !
0	just plain awful . i was born and raised in las vegas , and am still a local and i was extremely disappointed . the service was not great , and for $ 16 i expected to have a much better tasting carne asada burrito . the burrito was cold , the carne asada was dry , the beans tasted like they came from a can , and there was barely any cheese . everyone in my group was local , and we all agreed that the food was terrible . the chips and salsa also taste store bought and stale . don 't waste your money . i would have thought that with an owner living in town , the quality control would have been better .
0	30min wait , ordered a chicken salad with no chicken and ordered two salads and got one ranch dressing . horribleeeee dont go here to top it off i saw 3 orders that they messed up ! had to check mines ! neverrrrr
0	prices for promo tacos that are advertised for $ 1 everywhere are $ 1.49 at this spot as well . not sure how they can get away with charging more for an advertised promo . took forever to get one taco and side of mashed potatoes . the only reason they get one star is because it has a more modern interior . the employee didn 't even greet me when i walked in . better off going to a different location ! i want to add that i 'm writing this after a few times of going thru the drive thru and not getting the right order . i 've also been told they were out of ground beef on another visit .
0	manager is extremely condescending towards costumers . bread is stale , they skimp on everything . the worst costumer service i 've ever experienced .
0	they must be known for their happy hour because the food is awful even the chips and salsa are horrible . i am amazed they are still in business .
0	the food was tasteless mystery meat , and the restaurant was nasty .
0	nastiest hot dogs ever ! i love mexican hot dogs . but this place is the worst one in town ! service is ok don 't get me wrong . but the food is nasty . carne asada very bad quality too ! i 've been here 2 or 3 times but never coming back !
0	never again . ordered 2 " small " steak burritos which came to nearly $ 20.00 ? really ? tasted worse than something frozen out of the supermarket . no flavor , very bland , tasteless and rude customer service . fail ! !
0	nothing like what is advertised here . steak was painfully chewy , the corn tortillas were stiff as cardboard , and their service was unfriendly . the tacos look like they were made by my 3 year old son . not only was the food bad , but my stomach felt like it dropped through the floor moments after the very few bites that i actually took . my stomach hurt for hours after . if you like your insides the way they are and you appreciate good food , save yourself , i would strongly recommend another restaurant .
0	not one positive thing to say , would rate as zero but no can do . slogan should be frozen , foul , failure .
0	not sure it classifies as food . burrito consists of a flour tortilla and meat . no salsa , beans , cheese , sour cream , guacamole . nada . plus they won 't let you add anything to it . everything is as is . the cheese enchalada had cheese but it was not gooey and melted . the food was barely luke warm . service is also mediocre . the salsa was gross . it was super water down . the best part of the meal was my pepsi .
0	ordered enchiladas . tortillas not properly prepared . bland , dry filling . sauce lacked seasoning and good flavor . what a sad enchilada sauce . beans were bland and should have been refritos , but were not . cardboard seems more appealing .
0	the staff seem miserable but i don 't blame them , they probably deal with arseholes all day . go to fiesta farms or whole foods if you are looking for fine foods without the annoyance and attitude .
0	my kid ordered " nachos " & got 35 stale tortilla chips with a bit of shredded cheese sprinkled on top & melted . taquitos were overcooked & tough . fish bowl had dried out fish on top . desserts are served in cellophane . how did this place become a chain ?
0	the hostess seemed unsimpathetic to our concerns . but we decided to continue on , the margaritas we had were way to heavy with the sweet and sour . the food came out 35 minutes after we ordered , again for the time it should not have been busy . the server didn 't even apologize and as well didn 't being the additional hot sauce i requested . in short , this place really isn 't worth your time .
0	i went in wednesday to see the remodels that have been done to patio and give it another try . horrible service i sat at the bar only to be ignored , received a beer that was not even full , ordered food and received wrong food . asked for a manager was informed by bartender she was the manger but she didn 't even know how to do her job correctly . i used to go for the cruise in 's and would stop for a beer once awhile , will not be returning . will follow with nancy for different locations cruise in 's are held .
0	place was empty but the waitress was too busy on her phone to get refills or even check to see if the order was right which it wasn 't . no refill , no check up , wrong order means i can not emphasize enough how disappointed i was and i warn ppl to avoid ! !
0	we ordered a bean and cheese burrito and a stir fried veggie burrito . they were expensive and both were 90 % rice ! ! ! when i called the restaurant to complain they told me to order and pay for another one . never buy from here ! ! ! there are tons of great burrito places in toronto including burrito boyz . don 't waste your money or aggravation with this awful place .
0	happy hour . not crowded . 4 waters for 2 of us . messed up my drink order . only checked back 2x . took forever to get check and come back to take payment . had to buy extra shot to put in margarita . happy hour margaritas are so weak . food is good
0	awful service all 3 times , twice driving thru and once as a walk-in ; items left off order all 3 times ; rude employees .
0	every time i go there the drive thru takes forever and order is always wrong .
0	when i contacted the restaurant about how i was missing items from my order , they offered a coupon for 2 free meals ( not that i would ever go back ! ) their farmer burger was underwhelming , unseasoned , and cold . this establishment has some major issues ; until they are resolved , i am never coming back .
0	the cook handles money in the cash goes back to kitchen and handles food , without changing gloves or washing hands . bathrooms are one of the dirtiest i have seen in my life ! i don 't recommend this place to anyone . sad how entrepreneurs don 't take their business seriously .
0	food was cold , water cups were not refilled , and we were not tended to for the entire evening . bad service each time we come . disappointed , because their food is pretty descent ... terrible service though
0	awful service is all i have to say ..... 10 mins for waitress to even show up , 20 mins to get chips and salsa ( which cost money ) after finally ordering , 15 min to get margarita after ordering , 30 min to have ordered finally taken ..... never an offer to refill drink or anything ...... and it wasn 't even very busy yet
0	service is awful , food was awful , order was wrong . do not go here , not worth ur money
0	every time i go in there , it 's like i am inconveniencing them by placing my order . i am never going back to this place . if you want good mexican in the area you should go to elmer 's , taqueria mi casita , si señor ( new mexico ) , or mucho taco . there are probably a lot more than that !
0	nasty food ! got a chicken burrito it was very greasy and expensive . they also charge for jalapeños $ 1 ... the cashier was very rude and the place has a sewer smell to it . do not recommend it at all . however there is a lunch truck a few blocks down 91st and grand they have great service for $ 5 ! !
0	our server , cesar did not serve us well and our he was very rude . he did not refill our chips and salsa at all . he was also very slow at getting our or stuff and made our visit very unpleasant . when we told the another waiter they were very understand and apologized for cesar 's behaviors . the rest of the waiters were very sweet to us . cesar , however did not apologize for his rudeness and lack of morale :
0	sat down at 11 : 55 , the server didn 't come to our table until 12 : 20 . he refused to give us the special because he was " too busy " to come to us when we sat down . will not be coming here again . go to the shadyside location- they don 't employ careless college students
0	this chipotle is always slow and the flavors are always lacking ! the last 3 times i 've been here they have ran out of a protein while there 's a long line during prime time .
0	waited forever in the drive through , get my food home , they gave me the wrong order . had to drive all the way back and the manager at the time morgan was neither helpful , or accommodating for their mistake and sent me on my way . will never go back and do not recommend . to be fair though , the food was good just wish the customer service was up to par of the food .
0	they are supposed to be 24hrs ! ! ! i 'm drunk , hungry and pissed off
0	was charged for a " combo " that wasn 't on the menu when i wanted was an existing combo with added cheese , i was over charged $ 2 for an unadvertised combo . when i asked why i was charged $ 2 for a slice of cheese , i was told " sorry . "
0	way over priced , and over rated . we didn 't even stayed to eat . we we sat and ignored for over 15 minutes . never going back .
0	we waited 15 minutes before anyone greeted us or gave us water . we were there for 2 hours when it should have taken half the time .
0	sit in the drive thru almost 20 mi utes with only 2 cars in front of me and then when i got my carne assad fries they barely had anything on it and she didn 't give me napkins and i had to ask 2 times before she understood what i said and i also ordered a soda and i ask her for a straw and she said it was in the bag and it wasn 't so i 'm upset i 'm in a drive thru for a reason
0	small gnats were flying all over . the floors were sticky and the tables weren 't wiped clean . gross . horrible , slow service . one person working the front end and drive through . i asked for a toddler toy with the kids meal and was told to wait . 5 minutes later , she still hadn 't even looked for the toy . finally she said she didn 't know where they were to come back another time ! i don 't think i 'll be going back to that place anytime soon !
0	.. service was so slow our waiter had no idea what he was doing they use very cheap meat and so skimpy on the chips and salsa please don 't waste your money or time with so many other great scottsdale restaurants ! ! ! ! ! !
0	terrible ! disappointing ! rip off ! overpriced ! we waited 30 mins for our food . we could have gone to an authentic mexican restaurant & been served faster , better food and not paid this much . portion are small , food was bland , service was terrible . get it together ! or this will be yet another restaurant that fails in the plaza !
0	awful. terrible service. very disappointing. go to any other place in the pheonix area theres plenty other quality mexican places that value your business .. the mission is not one of them
0	the staff was friendly , but i am pretty sure the waiter was on drugs . i am disappointed that the food was so terrible . even the ice tea was awful , how do you screw up ice tea ! the only half way decent thing were the chips . will never go here again and will tell people do not go !
0	they used cheese whiz for the nacho 's , the steak was chewy , and the drinks were water down . one member in our party went into the bathroom to make himself puke after dinner .
0	this location closes at 1am , or so they say . showed up at 12 : 50 tonight and waited , said hello a few times , two cars in parking lot and no response . guess they close at 12 : 50 and not 1 as advertised . have some respect for your job , because there are plenty of people that would appreciate it !
0	this place is so bad it doesn 't deserve 1 star. taco bell is much better don 't go
0	took almost 5 minutes after being seated to be greeted by our waitress to take our drink order . ( big pet peeve ! ) then the 2 camaron burritos that we ordered were very large but had only 3-4 shrimp and lots of rice . obviously trying to get away with using it as filler to charge more for less . so havw now tried the restaurant twice to give it a good chance . no more . : (
0	food not that great at all , will never go here . servers rude . food not cooked all the way , and people not wearing gloves .
0	very unfriendly waiter .... food was a smidge short of nasty . don 't think they 'll be open long .
0	wait forever just to be treated poorly & find out they 've run out of almost everything .
0	we got the enchiladas and what can i say , they were awful . better mexican places in the valley : valle luna ( 10 out of 10 ) , taco bell ( the one with the chihuahua ) , your grandmother 's cooking ( tamales. tamal in spanish , tamalli in nahuatl ) , and costco brand tacos . ask me if the service was good ? it was not . they messed up my order as well . they get one star over 0 because they comped the one entry of many .... yes i am fat .
0	we had a large party of 18 and when we got there promptly for our reservation out table was not ready . we were led to our table and only a portion of us could sit down . the rest of the group stood in the middle of the restaurant while we waited for a smaller table to clear and pay their tab . the salsa was tasteless , the salmon was gross and the ribs were worse . not a fan ! ! !
0	worst burritos anywhere . cheap interior . spent all their money on yonge st . frontage and nothing on interior or food quality . save yourself grief .
0	worst dining experience i 've ever had ! ! i took my sister here for her sweet sixteen and we were greeted with completely rude staff , including the manager , as well as food poorly prepared and not enough seating . i have never been so dissatisfied ! ! they have lost our business forever ! do not recommend .
0	food tastes nasty . hardly felt like a / c was on in the middle of a phoenix summer 's day .
0	the only saving grace were the flour chips . the chimis were bland and 90 % dark meat and flavorless . i ordered a chile relleno with chicken . well they piled a chuck of shredded chicken on the top that looked like someone had thrown up . beans tasteless , rice ? red and tasteless . the tea was great . our waiter was excellent
0	i 'm a glutton for punishment and for .59 cent tacos . two cars in the drive thru and it took 7 minutes to place an order for 3 tacos . 10 minutes to receive them and the cashier made it seem like i 'm some sort of a-hole for patronizing his place of employment . ugh .
0	waiting 20 minutes when we were told a 15 minute wait . when we went to check on the status they said we were never recorded for a table upon arrival . promptly left .
0	i will not be back here again ! . she got my order wrong did it again gave most of my food away and i still waited . this is not customer service .
0	no meat in my crunch wrap . i bet they were closing and out of meat and didn 't want to cook anymore . i can 't stand this taco bell .
0	but a couple of years ago they changes ownership and the place lost the prestige from back then . it used to be the spot back in the days . plates were full all the time ... you would never finish the plate . but now ... my god .... the increased the prices and they give less food that is bland , no taste whatsoever ... i don 't like 3 amigos so i can 't tell you to go there ... i just have mexican food at taco bell , taste better then at carlos seriously .... sad cause that used to be my favorite spot . chicken chimichangas was the bomb back in the days ....
0	new management again and the service is slower than ever before . i must say , i think i 've given this location enough chances . no more for me thank you .
0	upon my return to filberto 's a few days ago , i was so disappointed when i ordered chicken quesadilla to-go and received an unappetizing mess . it was a monstrous tortilla shell uncut , folded over multiple times in the to go box . if that wasn 't bad enough , the quesadilla was missing the sour cream and guacamole and had a clear , slimy , rubbery , circular , unidentifiable object inside . yuck . 1 star
0	bad all around bad from the bus boy who had baked beans all over his shirt to the horrible meal. i went to this restaurant about 8 years ago and it was ok. i won 't be going back .
0	paying for the check now ... couldn 't wait to tell the yelpers to stay away . food : 0-stars . the burrito i ordered came out with everything on the side , i.e. guacamole , beans , cheese . only thing inside was rice and meat . yet burrito was closed . what ? ? ? so then it 's a fajita right ? the rest of my group shared other complaints . avoid at all costs .
0	food was not great . you could tell they freeze , thaw and then re-freeze their meat because the steak was tough and unevenly cooked where half of it was not at the below edible temperature . also-- there 's no coffee bar . never going back .
0	keep your lessons for ordering espresso at home please . and educate cashiers that if they want to give a lesson to be more courteous about it . there 's a reason why tourists prefer to pay top dollar for the same coffee . i 'd rather pay $ 5 and have a good time , rather than $ 2 for a headache !
0	i don 't know how this place stays open. you cant just throw some beans , rice and salsa on a plate and call it mexican. staff is really nice i feel bad they have to serve that stuff on a plate. do yourself a favor and go some place else , any place will be better ! run run away from this eatery !
0	came in with my friend for lunch yesterday , we both say thanks and try to make convo with cashier and she just ignored us . then , i found a hair inside my salad . pretty much would say don 't go to this location . won 't be back .
0	will never return . had great service in the past but , they treated my mentally ill friend badly and , didn 't have patience . she was attempting to order herself . what horrible people . we were the only customers inside . food upset my stomach all day afterwards .
0	second they serve blain taco meat with no flavor . they charged me $ 11.75 for 2 tacos with rice and beans . at the airport gouging prices are to be expected . but an extra $ 1 for watered down salsa mad the experience worse . i will never eat here again because the food was disgusting .
0	the girl up front was very mean as well .
0	we do not go out to eat often but will definitely not go here again . hockey fans were going into the arena , so it wasn 't busy . picnic tables outside were low - maybe set up for a midget and i am short - 5 ' 1 . " waitress was terrible - unattentive - very very slow getting drinks , chips etc. food was less than adequate . do not waste $ $ here taco bell would be better .
0	the manager on duty yesterday had very poor managerial skills ! ! i feel like when we are dieting and only get meat and cheese tiny bit of salsa and yet i 'm charged for the whole bowl ! depends on who cashes you out bc one of the guys does not charge me for full bowls when dieting ! ! ! you may lose our business ! !
0	torta carnitas and tacos are expensive , salad , little portion . they don 't have idea how is the mexican food with good portions ! the only good thing is the pozole .
0	the lady in the front is rude and nasty she doesn 't wash her hands ! she left me waiting on drive thru for an hour at 103 degrees outside ! she was awful ! i don 't think i will ever come back here again ! i love me some good food but i also love me a good service with it ! the food is ok but they won 't work with you if you want to change your order up a little !
0	they offer also kids menu but they dont have appropriate trays for that and the offerme served it in a regular bowl where is not appetitive for a children everything together . my kids didn 't ate because didn 't look delicious to a kid eye . it is not according what the franchise offers .
0	be aware ! stay away ! horrible service ! i eat at many restaurants , really don 't like to give such negative reviews , but in this case .... stay away ! 3 of us sick after meal ! i could go on and on ! went with a group of 8 and we all felt the same way : (
0	bad bland food looks like it can out of a can from sysco restaurant supply
0	bad : ( cook dropped his tongs on the floor while we were ordering and then picked them back up and put them in the food. bad news : (
0	but usually the asada fries are good at all the locations i 've tried . i paid $ 10 for a small portion of arne asada fries that was presented like soup , drowned in runny guacamole and sour cream . there were barely any fries . and i kept having to spit out weird pieces of meat . also topped with way too much fake cheese .
0	the owner is rude , i 'm assuming it 's lola , if not my apologies to the actual owner .
0	unfriendly atmosphere . the young girl serving me looked disgusted to work there and was purely throwing the food on the plate ! not going back
0	bad attitude to start with .. we asked for extra green salsa and hot sauce twice but did not see anything when we got home , not even regular salsa . basically no sauces , no spoon , no napkin , nothing ... we even asked for it again after the girl gave us the bag of food and she said its all in the bag ... disappointed ! !
0	dirty restrooms . dirty dining area . and from the looks of it dirty kitchen ! ! ! ! food came out cold and even though my order was small they still managed to screw it up .
0	bad customer service every time i go to they forget my takeout and i always get burnt chile rellenos
0	i got the steak tacos . they were nothing special . i asked for one more corn tortilla since the tortillas were too small for all the meat and i was told that they come in sets of 3 for $ 6 extra . really ? ? i just wanted one more tortilla that was 2 1 / 2 inches in diameter .
0	on hold for a total of over 45 minutes for a large order . called 3 times . ridiculous !
0	i feel like my mexican friends can do better .
0	the server forgot my order and brought me what he thought i asked . i forgiven the first mistake but he did it three times . unacceptable ! ! ! and the food was not the big deal at all !
0	they don 't greet you the right way , they act as if you 're taking forever to order . oh and the drive thru . yeah it pretty much sucks . they need a new speaker . food is great . people there are just horrible !
0	bad customer service to the point you don 't enjoy your food and the guacamole was brown .
0	very disappointing experience food is just okay but the worst part is their awful customer service will never go back specially after finding out the employee with the bad attitude was the manager
0	waited in the drive through line after 3 cars . finally got to the intercom to place my order at 9 : 28 pm . a young female gets on the intercom and while laughing , says they are closed now . all of the lights on the menu were on and the car in front of me just placed their order . i asked how are they closed now and if they knew they were closing , why didn 't they turn off the drive thru lights so i didn 't waste my time waiting in the line to order . again , very unprofessional , no apology at all and i will not be going to this location again !
0	we ordered a side of fries and they didn 't arrive until we finished our meal . when we approached andrew about our order , he told us if we were missing something then we should have gone up there and told him because he is too busy with other orders . we did not even get an apology so therefore i asked for a refund . his bad attitude continued at the register when returning the money . i 'm more than positive a macdonald 's employee has better customer service than he does . this type of rude attitude just degrades this restaurant and i will make sure family and friends don 't support this location so the experience is not repeated .
0	more likely just another day . i ordered a classic steak bowl . dried out meat . sprinkle of beans . about 2 servings worth of rice . brown guac . weird corn . all in my burrito bowl . had to clarify the order with the clerk , but once he got it right on the register it was already built without my input on the line . i guess that 's somehow my fault for not doing a build your own . alas , it could have been a good alternative to hamburgers or pizza in the airport . but it 's not chipolte . too bad .
0	the guaco is not bad . but the asada is gamy and chicken dry . i dont get what people like about them ..... this place is not overrated , its awful . go to taco guild instead
0	couldn 't even enjoy my chicken bowl through eating it . i 'm not a big fan of sour cream but the girl that made my bowl put the shit load of sour cream .
0	employees smoking in front of the store while on their shift . employees dont listen when they put your toppings . and fountain drinks are very very watery . i used to love this place but service is just terrible .
0	food was bland . walked in , ordered our food and looked for a table . no where to sit , 5 tables were covered with dirty dishes . so i asked the woman at the counter if someone could clean some tables . she nodded and totally ignored my request . i asked another guy standing around doing nothing if he could clear some tables . we finally cleared a table ourselves . the cheese crisp lacked flavor as well as the cheese enchilada . must be using a very low quality cheese . food was very bland overall . margarita was weak and no tequila taste at all . i won 't be back . sorry i just call it like it is .
0	bad experience here , after we 've had finished our meals my wife and daughter had not gotten their orders when we asked what had happened our waitress replied that she ran out of paper whatever that meant.here on vacation for the holidays our hotel recommended this restaurant very disappointed with the service .
0	bad experience in this restaurant burrito was not to my order , had to ask them 3 times why there was no cheese. no refill on horchata at this location and they overcharge for a drink. thinking about making pepes my go to place for now on. also called corporate and they seem to not care. not recommended at all , beware ! ! !
0	love this place but don 't plan on ordering ahead . placed an order for tortillas and enchiladas two weeks ago and was given a time to pick items up . got there to find enchiladas ready but no tortillas . was told 15 to 30 minutes . 45 minutes later they were telling people 30 to 60 minutes . this was on 12 / 23 and everyone was picking up orders , but to take orders in advance , then not be able to deliver shows poor planning on management 's part . i will no longer depend on them for party food .
0	my boyfriend and i spent $ 30 + on two different meals that made us both sick . never going again !
0	the food is over priced , the portions are small and my lunch tasted like a mexican tv dinner . my husband and i were disappointed and we will not return . you can find better food at the local taco shops for 1 / 3 the price .
0	sat in drive through for 10 minutes in line to order a drink and two side orders of chips and quest . after order was placed , sat for another 5 minutes . no " hello " or pleasantries , just handed me a bag . when i drove out , i looked in the bag and only queso was included , not chips ! two small containers of cheese in a bag ! got out of my car and came inside to ask for chips , and waiting additional 5 minutes . employees need some energy and pep , because they seem tired and slow . this was all at noon lunch hour , so management needs to get people motivated , here .
0	bad experience with food quality : -dry tortillas ( burritos ) both bean and cheese -dry beans -dry shredded beef ( taco ) -salsas red and green were bland * * place was empty .. should have trusted our instincts when we drove up
0	did not acknowledge us when we walked in for about 10 minutes as servers passed by us . when they finally greeted us they turned us down because they had a party of 30 that had just walked in and we were only a party of 4 and they had about 5 tables available still . so you 're a new restaurant that can only accommodate no more than 30 people for lunch on a friday , not good .
0	i 'm serious . don 't come here . worst joint in pittsburgh .
0	why is the price different when using a groupon ?
0	waiter had a very condescending tone when we asked about chips and salsa . he said several times " no , this is the strip " when we asked about specials . ok , i get that but all i asked about was specials . never came back to our table to refill waters either . black beans tasted like they just came out of the can and rice had a very chemical type aftertaste . at least the ahi was goodish . fly far far away from here and go to happy hour at the border grill ( great specials on the strip ... lol ) across the street .
0	tortilla soup very salty no sour cream if you want $ 3.00 little porción , acapulco salad add chicken for $ 4.00 and i saw little porción and then the music like metalic rock and and then fajitas bad flavor
0	it 's basically canned food . you can 't expect excellent food in an airport but this place is real bad . i was there a half hour ago and already can tell i will blow up the bathroom pretty soon .
0	food seemed rotten . no cleanliness . no soaps in washroom . wonder how waiters keep thr hands clean
0	so dissapointed . rude waiter who made us very uncomfortable & rushed us all the way through our meal . the quality of food was very poor . enhilada dish did not resemble anything close to an enchilada . chips were stale and dishes were dirty . i will never go here again nor recommend .
0	we were 1 of 3 tables & had to refill our own drinks bc server was no where to be found . food was way overpriced .
0	if you have a hangover and need grease , this is your place . other than that , drive a block and eat at mucho gusto down the street--now that is real mexican food !
0	nickle and dime you to death ... used to love coming here , but never again . and when we tried to speak with the manager about it he laughed and walked away ... stay classy jalisco . stay classy .
0	chips were stale and cold . but mostly stale . i ordered a combo of a cheese enchilada and a chile relleno and added a hard taco with a side of mole . when the food came without the taco and mole , a different server explained to me that i ordered incorrectly . the food came quickly but had cold spots . weird . i think it was previously made , frozen or refrigerated and then heated ( or not ) and served . so for two sub-standard items , stale chips and a coke - it cost $ 10.63 . i 'm not coming back .
0	really really slow service . it was dead when we were in there on a saturday night . the only reason we went to the restaurant was because my sister said it was good . she was wrong ... as usual . i nomally check yelp first . they didn 't care because the tip was included in the bill .
0	the chicken quesadillas , tacos , and pretty much everything sucked . not much else to say .
0	the food is not mexican at all ! definitely not going back here again .
0	service was slow , food was cold , food made me sick , chips were salty .. need i say more ? 1 star because the staff was courteous , but that 's about it . i won 't be visiting ever again .
0	so get your food and run .. and by the way .. will not return there .. they charge a " fee " if you use a debit card .. did not know til i looked at my receipt since no one at the drive thru said anything .. ridiculous ! ! ! ! ! !
0	one star because the music was too loud and our food was reheated.we ordered a five food platter. it was good at first until we at a piece of a chicken leg . the inside of it was cold . we asked for rice and we got reheated rice because the bowl was very hot and the rice was warm . the chicken was reheated because when we picked it up from its black sauce , the inside of the leg was purely cold . if i wanted reheated food , i would go home and look in the fridge . our waters never refilled our waters as well as they sat back and enjoyed the music . we will never go back !
0	bad manager , he talks to his female employee in a not nice manner. i will not go there ever .
0	burnt out servers , pretty much the worst mex food i have experienced in years . bla .
0	i had to stop at a store in the parking lot and very much regret grabbing a bite to ear here . i wish i was one of those bulimics and knew how to make myself vomit right now . something doesn 't feel right at all inside of my stomach . why god ... why ?
0	you would be better off eating at a taco stand
0	it 's hard to get past how unlcean the facility is and the employees don 't look well kept either . i 've eaten here a few times but i 've decided i just can 't go back to a place that unkept . who knows what the kitchen looks like and that 's why i recommend going somewhere else . just doesn 't seem safe to eat food from here .
0	bad service and an attitude by the manager will cause this restaurant to close in the next 6 months
0	i ordered the chicken fajita 's and the chicken was all dark meat and overspiced . i 've had better garcia 's experiences but i 'm souring on the chain .
0	the milton margarita tasted like an old dish rag . my wife ordered a taco salad and when it came to the table it had an inch of water in the bottom of the bowl . to top it off the waitress basicly threw our food down on the table probably was mad she had to serve such garbage .
0	we had the carne asada burrito and the casa chicken . the carne asada burrito is just chopped beef with taco seasoning you buy from walmart and that 's about it , maybe it could be better if all the ingredients were in it . the casa chicken was again missing ingredients but much better than the burrito . this is my personal experience try whatever you want maybe you will have better luck . : )
0	restaurant looks small and authentic . but food quality is not good .
0	plus they were the smallest i have ever seen ! server doesn 't offer any extra service at all i ordered a coke she brings me an empty cup and points at the coke machine ! ! ! really ? ? ? it would of taking 10 seconds to fill and would of gotten a bigger tip , oh well i guess , off to the next one !
0	expected more from such a supposedly good chef . chili relleno seemed like it was put in microwave . enchiladas were bland . expected more . will not come again .
0	my receipt and bank statement do not match . do not recommend this location !
0	bad drinks . bad food . go to the one in cancun instead . no comparison . this place should not have the senor frogs name .
0	can 't seem to get anything right . first i couldn 't get anyones attention , and im sitting at the bar . it was hard to get a drink , even harder to get a menu . my side of guacamole for the chips never came my food.order was wrong and when i explained that , they looked at me as if i am crazy ! ! bottom line this place sucks .
0	didn 't get what i ordered & they didn 't make it right . overpriced meal ! won 't be back !
0	bad service bad food over priced wont come back to this place 45 minutes wait cold food manager answer sorry have to wait 15 minutes more
0	cashier named peachy was awful and had major attitude . definitely was not a peachy person . my order costed $ 5.05. when i gave a $ 10 , she was angry i didn 't have any change . repeatedly saying " do you have anything ? ? 5cents , 10cents , 1 dollar ? ? ! " in an angry tone . stunned at her attitude , i politely stated " no . " i don 't think she thought things through when she stated if i had a dollar in change either anyways . terrible service .
0	bad service , didnt take our order while waiting and started with a new customer although i was there first
0	over priced . small portions . the only " good " thing i liked was they make their own tortillas . i would like for the owner to be aerate of the horrible management that their store has . after all they spent a lot of money building that place for some punk to ruin their investment .
0	there are other venezuelan places in the city that showcase the typical flavours on a better way and at a right price . again , service was awful .
0	first time i 've spent 2 hours in a restaurant for eating 3 tacos ! ! also got a shot of mystery tequila in a broken glass ! ! ! ! ! i would give zero stars if we 're possible
0	food was bland worst otb i 've ever been to
0	they have a bad attitude about service to customers. the service would have been nice if they gave extra effort to make your dine-in experience better . just rude and the don 't listen to what you ask for when you order. very poor and less than what you expect at other chipotle restaurant locations .
0	had to ask for salsa three times . guys next to us came in 10 minutes after we did and got served first . we walked out and won 't go back .
0	place is empty we were the only customers , now i know why . food was over priced , bland and cold . definitely not coming back .
0	bad service , long lines , food ok , not good enough to make big lines , some rudeness from the people in the kitchen , not enough space , definitely they need a bigger space and more workers don 't recommend if you are starving , takes more than 30 min to get to the front of the line
0	went through the drive thru and did not get my complete order . had to get out to correct it and they reluctantly gave me my food no apology at all whatsoever . sad
0	when i said he forks were dirty they just said oh it 's smoke from the grill don 't worry . got a take out order and double checked with them before i left . i get home and low and behold the order is wrong . i called them and they didn 't even care they were so arrogant . will boycott this place for sure
0	my 3rd time at this location , i want to like the place . always have to wait , the food is not as good as mesa drive location ( the original ) rosa 's ! mckellips location is better in service and the food is better . i will not be going back to higley and guadalupe tia rosa again
0	my food was sitting wrapped up on a counter for five minutes while i stood there watching it being ignored . i won 't go back . the food was just ok , pretty greasy .
0	sucks that i made this place my # 1 for fast mexican food
0	however , simple drinks for men are $ 11 and up .
0	i will not visit again . i hope this is the right location in the airport because that is the one i am basing my review on . staff was rude , short and did i believe everything they could to get me to post a bad review . mission accomplished !
0	come on mcd 's . 1st off they couldn 't take two separate orders in drive thru , so had to go inside . once inside my order which was a big breakfast and oatmeal took way to long to get . then to top it off i ask if there was salsa i was told it was in bag . and it wasn 't . plus not fork . get ur stuff together ...
0	bad services never going back didn 't even get to eat there.tables are small wanted us to seat at a small table we couldn 't fit there moved to a bigger table told us if we wanted to seat there we had to hurry up and eat in 15 mins wtf who says that shit ...
0	the enchiladas were some kind of red sauce the tacos suck , tripitas learn to cook them people . the chips at least are fresh . come on now if you have a family restaurant cook like you want to keep customers .
0	tasteless food with too much salt ! i guess they are striving on guests from out of town in the nearby hotels .. will never be back ..
0	ordered a mocajete de mariscos . the crab legs literally did not have any meat . ordered extra octopus and i had to fish the teeny tiny bit of them out . overall the dish was flavorless . i waited until after paying the bill to tell our waiter about the terrible dish because obviously she did not cook it . she agreed , yet did not offer an apology or anything at all . lol so horrible . do not recommend this place to anyone .
0	i asked them which orders were what and they looked and said they didn 't know don 't you so they didn 't mark the items at all so my family and i spent 15 minutes trying to figure out which was ours ! this restaurant need to take notes from the one on warm springs very perfessional !
0	bad service , their attitude was worse then the service ... two different ppl keep takong my order so they got the order wrong .. but who wonts to wait even longer for some food after you received your order wrong whats tge point of the read back ... taco bell corporation would like the way this place give service now i cant eat at any yaco bell again receit was not given so cant contact the corporate with my complaint and she wouldnt reprint it for me
0	good service would be to honor the price they have listed . to just charge someone another price and have it listed no where and won 't honor a price you do have listed seems fishy . i will go somewhere else . it was a big order and you just lost business
0	bad service then the waiters can care less if you came to the restaurant expensive and small portions not even a child would get full .
0	the store says open at 11 : 00 am but it was late for 15 minutes . then i asked if my groupon would be accepted the manager said no and then said bring in more people . i asked why , he said less people , no groupon . i explained there are two of us and plan on eating a lot and drink a lot , at least $ 40 worth of food and drinks . then manager said back , no way . my groupon is for $ 40 for food and drinks for 4 . i see no difference in spending at least $ 40 with 2 people or with 4 people . the money is the bottom line in my opinion .
0	they pick and choose who to give exceptional service . ripped my burrito and dumped the insides into another wrap . i know it all gets digested in the stomach anyways but " presentation is everything ! "
0	took long time to take order . food doesn 't taste good . i ordered veggie fajita and veggies were just steamed . no spice nothing . not going to come again . avoid .
0	waited 40 minutes for food . no one came to ask if we wanted more wine . great decor . lobster salad was tasty but rest of order was completely lost . need better management . perhaps others will have better luck .
0	bad service waiter disappeared and didn 't come back had to find the manager to order more food very disappointing
0	we asked repeatedly to turn down the music , even to the manager . they did for around two minutes , and turned it up again . does the manager not have control of his staff ? when our food came , half was either cold or messed up . the food is expensive for what you get .
0	went for lunch on cinco de mayo . saw there were specials , prizes , balloons ... but our waitress never mentionned any of the specials . we found out only after placing our order . we were offered a free tamale because it was our first visit . they forgot to bring it out . got it when the meal was almost finished then they charged it on the bill . the waitress barely came to our table so no way to refill drinks or get extra napkins . food was mediocre . i am dissapointed because judging by the crowds i 've seen there i expected excellent food and excellent service , neither of which we got .
0	so get in second line i order they give me the tacos for one variety meat i ask about the other tacos i had ordered they tell me to go next line and tell them what i want . that the most stupidest idea of ordering will not go there again i also told all my coworkers about it , they said they will not go there some have experience the same drama . also they 're not that good neither it 's so so ,
0	went there for lunch and it took 45 mins to get our food ! cornbread wasn 't cooked and the tortilla soup was just cheese .
0	my toast for breakfast was on a hamburger bun ! enough said !
0	i wanted to like this place but it 's just a pretentious wannabe taco place . but the margaritas are good
0	what else can i say . if you come here for alcoholic drinks , probably okay . but this place is no better than any mexican fast food . well , maybe better in the sense that you get to sit down and have your food served on a plate . we just had to try it out as we had a coupon and the parking lot is always packed . needless to say , it was disappointing . this place is overhyped .
0	bad sport chipotle asked me to wait outside for 5 minuets before they opened very rude 100 plus degrees out n your doors were open lock your doors if you dont want people in there with you before hours .
0	stay away . unless you like dry chicken and empty tacos . go elsewhere . not worth what they charge . better off staying hungry .
0	the restaurant is located a bit far from the strip with strip prices . located among pawn shops and alike we got a bit scared but the good thing there is a parking in front of the restaurant . the prohibition like ambiance is kind of cool and you feel part of a boardwalk empire episode . you expect james gandolphini or joe pesci showing up at any time . if you are budget conscious you 'd better ask for the price of he cocktails before you order . we only took appetizers and no entrees but the cocktails were half of the bill and it wasted our entire experience . the food was ok and the bread was really dry and old . disappointed .
0	i was surprised they don 't serve chips and salsa to munch on while your food is prepared . if you want to hear music you have to pay for it at the itunes box . will never come back or recommend this place .
0	these guys can 't even make a combo of 3 taco supremes . one taco was beef and tomato on an old taco shell that i 'm sure spent time on the floor . the imature girl at the window was a giggling idiot .
0	other locations give you a nice amount of food for your money .
0	three times i ate here . three times bad food & drink , and lousy service . funny how one restaurant in a chain can fail when a different location is so much better . i have had a completely different experience at the shadyside location . i mean , mad mex food is marginal even for tex mex , but , the highland ave store , at least , made it look all right and had decent cocktails and attentive service . i know what to expect from mad mex and this store doesn 't even clear that so low bar .
0	very bad . ordered a combo : sour cream enchilada , taco and tostada . the shredded beef in the taco was harder than jerky , the enchilada was an oily mess and the tostada was soggy . you can tell a lot about the type of food you are going to have by the salsa . true to form , the red sauce tasted like canned tomato sauce and the chunky sauce was about 80 % jalapeno and no flavor . there was a strange smell in the restaurant and i couldn 't wait to leave . i will not be back
0	manager or that dark skin lady such a b * second time i go in there and her attitude is horrible ! ! they messed up my order and i tell them and they get mad ?
0	no such special as fajitas for 2 at $ 18.95 . beware website promotion ! food not very good . will not return . too many mexican options nearby .
0	on my way back home from a vacation to mexico city i had to catch a connecting flight at phoenix international airport . after a long day of traveling i was starving . with not much time to catch the next flight and not many food options at terminal b gates 1-14 , el bravo seemed like the best choice . a taco salad seemed like a good transition from vacation to reality but it was mostly a reality check . a fried flour tortilla shell with a few shreds of lettuce , a meager scoop of salsa , guacamole and chicken and a ton of absolutely no flavor for 10 dollars ? i need some tequila to help me forget this experience .
0	i did not stay here and if you eat vegan like i do , i would suggest you pass on this place , just like i did .
0	hostess was clueless . 1 ) first told us there was no reservation 2 ) told us we have to wait for a table after finding our reservation 3 ) we mention our friend 's have arrived and she said we were the first of the party to be here 4 ) walked past her and found our friend 's sitting down under our reservation . you 'd be better off going to any place on spring mountain or roberto 's
0	family of 5 and 1 ate their meal . the twist on mexican isn 't a good twist .
0	small portions cold employees especially the hispanic manager who had an attitude about giving me more thank 3 napkins . no wonder it was a ghost town in there at 3 pm on a monday . they need better staff
0	the most pricey and pretentious mexican food i 've ever not enjoyed . bad service , craptastic food-stay away from the pork- and cost too much even for vegas . i 'm on a roll ............ 1 star . ding !
0	why are humans so lazy . just because i 'm held captive in terminal c , it doesn 't mean i deserve to eat dog food .
0	stopped in for their $ 0.99 margaritas . the expectation wasn 't high because it 's $ 0.99 , but it was still pretty bad . the husband got a beer , which for hh , came in a small glass and tasted light watered down coors light ( it was supposed to be a mexican beer ) . granted , the beer was only $ 2 , but we 'd rather pay $ 1- $ 2 more for a better beer at other hh spots . the bar itself looked a bit grimy which deterred us from ordering any food . in addition , the food that we had seen at other tables wasn 't appealing . well , i satisfied my $ 0.99 margarita curiosity !
0	and there 's not even a warning ... just some idiotic " our famous barrio browns " in the menu description . wake up and fire some ceo 's please and fix your menu . also the food was horrible . $ 30 at the airport for two breakfasts that weren 't even as good as mc donalds or burger king breakfast . you people should be ashamed . i didn 't know that it was even possible to screw eggs , bacon and hash browns up this bad . my advice would be to avoid this place at all costs . a microwave breakfast burrito that has been frozen since abraham lincoln was born would be better . run for your life .
0	but this location has the worst customer service . i do not recommend this place to anyone , i prefer going to the one on brown .
0	and they take for ever to bring you a drink that is if u lucky enough to get service . and they get mad if you don 't tip them but why would u tip for a horrible service we never going back again ! taps next door to them is way nicer and they always give you a great service super cool people and the food is great .don 't waist you money here not worth it .
0	barrio anyone ? i guess the chips were worth one star . the tacos were just bad !
0	she was great . he was rude . also pigs head ? it 's pork mate . it 's shaved pork .
0	3 times i had to ask what beer they have on tap after he gave me a menu that doesn 't list what beer they have and then gave me an attitude moron should be fired . i will never go there again and will bad mouth to everyone i know
0	too bad , because we have lived in the neighborhood for 3 years now and need a late night spot for good food .
0	took 7 to 10 minutes before we were even greeted . they were not busy or taking other people 's orders just doing some busy work like wiping down glassware . once we actually received service the bartender was talking to the lady next to us about some strange story . we waited to order ... again bad attitudes all around ... the bartender said several times to the hostess make sure you avoid putting in togo orders .. no one there wanted to do their job . food was mediocre ... service was rancid ... will not go back ..
0	chips and salsa were so not authentic . i won 't ever go back
0	avoid the chorizo tacos w / rice and beans . not really worth the money for the quality against price . great location ; very average food .
0	bean dip is delicious but i don 't think so when you add boogers to it .
0	the health department is around for a reason and , if this restaurant rejects their standards as too " institutionalized , " i can 't imagine wanting to give this place another chance . as i stated , if the violations were silly ones , like not having their letter grade displayed in the exact place specified by the health department , i 'd overlook the grade . unfortunately , this restaurant appears to proudly flout safe food-handling procedures and they 're extraordinarily sanctimonious about it . listen , yayo taco , i 'm not in cahoots with " the man . " i just don 't like food poisoning .
0	service was good but that was it ! 7.95 for a half dozen tamales . you get what you pay for ! they were dry and chicken was tooooo spicy . a one time thing ! ! ! tried beef , chicken and chili !
0	i ordered nachos for them and i ordered 2 pupusas . the " nachos " were chips with beans on top and a melted processed cheese poured over the top and some canned , pickled jalapeños and runny sour cream and imitation guacamole . even the kids didn 't want to eat it . the pupusas were ok ... the picked cabbage was bland . if you 're used to authentic salvadoran food or good mexican food , you will be very disappointed . i won 't go back , that 's for sure .
0	what a disappointment . chicken in the taco was dry , bland , and tasted old . one friend 's enchiladas showed up at the table plain with no sauce . she had to ask the waiter for the sauce . another friend 's plate came without rice that was listed on the menu . the rice never came even after she asked the server . i am done listing the negatives . the view from the restaurant is great if you don 't mind bland food or pay for food you don 't get . there are many good mexican eateries in the las vegas valley but lindo is definitely not it .
0	i ordered 4 tacos , 2 carne asada and 2 pork . the meat was hard and felt like i was eating bone fragments on my first bite ! i had to spit them out . i tried one of each and lost my appetite . extremely disappointing after reading all the rave about it . there 's too many other places like manuel 's or macayos that are guaranteed to hit the spot . unfortunately , i will not be back . maybe it was just my luck . there is a chipotle down the road from this place i 'd rather spend my money .
0	i ordered tacos which consisted of some unidentified beef goop as a filling in soggy shells with a weird non-mexican kind of flavour ... not cool .
0	i went at around 11 , so it wasn 't super busy but while my food came fast , i hardly saw the server . that may have been a good thing , because i struggled through my meal ; the chicken rolled tacos . i love nothing more than a fried tortilla , but these almost cracked my teeth they were so hard . on top of that , the chicken did not seem at all seasoned . the red salsa and beans saved the meal . i picked at the dry-looking rice . i will never go back , except maybe to get the cheap margaritas . i 'm thinking the meal would have been better with a couple of those under my belt .
0	nice décor . service was good and friendly ... it 's not the servers ' fault that the margs were just ok and the only food worth eating is the chips and salsa . steak tacos were ok , but we certainly wouldn 't go back for them . we also ordered one of their signature dishes -- flank steak wrapped around a stuffed poblano chili -- and it was bland and tough , and the accompanying veggies were mushy . worst item we had was the queso fundido -- i 'm pretty sure it 's watered-down velveeta with yesterday 's taco meat thrown in . and it 's pricey . we definitely won 't be back .
0	it was all the worst things about bad chinese fast food dark meat chicken , only with no sauce to hide that fact , served over soggy french fries and rice . i wanted to try the ahi de gallina , but they didn 't have it when i was there - i don 't know if that was temporary or permanent . i 'm not sure if i 'll be able to stomach going back to try again to give it another chance .
0	this is an airport , therefore expectations are way lower . still , this " airport scale " of one star ( which would be negative in the outside world ) is fitting .
0	the staff was rude and they are super cheap with their drinks and chips / salsa . maybe i 'm just used to the great service and food at emilianos . the food looked like a bunch of slop and when someone at my table asked for double meat on their tacos they were rude and said no because the meat is already portioned out . ok ...... so you don 't want extra money for extra meat ? weird .
0	i do not recommend eating here . that being said the atmosphere and design are great , nothing like it very cool spot . also , cocktails are decent .
0	i ordered a large burrito , and sure enough it was a good size . however , the burrito was soggy and unappetizing . didn 't taste the lime or the guacamole . i was going to blame it on the delivery service first , but it 's clearly this location . i would love to try an actual fat bastard burrito from another location and maybe i 'll have a few comparisons to make .
0	bathrooms were disgusting and we saw a cockroach just passing by our table as we were eating
0	girl taking orders was also making food , very slow service and bad attitude . our food took more than 10 minutes after we ordered to be ready and was placed on prep counter to wait while the employee went to make another customer 's tacos rather than give us our competed order . needs better management .
0	the beans tasted like the canned beans you buy at the supermarket . overpriced food . try filiberto 's instead . some of them have daily specials running monday thru friday .
0	gross . very small portion of pintos & cheese . and scanty on the cheese . not up to par .
0	i sat a dirty table , i 'm not going to waste my time giving this place a long review . rotten experience !
0	the ordering system is stupid . you can only place certain orders at certain windows . the tacos look like tijuana tacos , but they are not worth the wait or headache to even get an order in .
0	disappointed that they refuse to do any substitutions ! ! our server walked away abruptly after being unsatisfied with questions about the menu . i wanted scallops , a near $ 40 meal - but with a side salad instead of beans , he refused . i instead went with a $ 20 salad , which he informed me would " only be lettuce . " chips and salsa was amazing . drinks were just ok . food was not exciting . don 't waste your time and money go to a mom and pop mexican spot and spend a fraction of the money ! !
0	i know this is in downtown summerlin where rent is high but ... 90 % of meals are over 15.00 ridiculous ! two tables came in reviewed menu and i heard them also talking about the high prices . the lowest thing is a plain burrito at 13.95 . so - they started sending out coupons 2 for 1 for dinners but there 's s catch .. you have to order two drinks . watch it a simple soda is 3.75 each ! lol so u really get 8.50 off of highly expensive meals . really only 50 % off your second meal . lower ur prices your not that great of food and i was around people not coming back again .
0	that 's it though . the food us very bland . will not give this place a second chance .
0	mediocre food , at best . the water didn 't taste right . the salsa was just okay . i ordered chicken fajitas which were bland and not even worth eating . husband ordered green sauce chicken enchiladas . he said they were alright . nothing to write home about . best mexican we 've had is lopez in cleveland heights or tres potrillos . we could have gotten better food at taco bell ...
0	the calamari was limp and the pizza burnt . won 't be going back .
0	not very attractive , but warm. the waitress was also very nice . asked for quesadillas made extra crispy with condiments on the side- got neither bc it was baked , not crisped in a pan and the condiments were on top . so changed to nachos , but no cheese on them. when i asked the waitress , she said the sauce drizzled over top was cheese sauce. but if it was , it was watered down with sour cream. my aunt got tostadas- meat wasn 't so good , no beans or cheese on them. on one positive note , the green enchiladas tasted good per my uncle. agree with other reviewer- awesome ambiance outside but the food lacks substance .
0	you pay for what you see not for what you eat . is like tacobell but upgrated . very expensive and not welcoming at all . how did they survive for 40 years with this type of food and service . our america has lost the good taste for food and they settle for looks . i rather it frozen mexican burritos and save my money .
0	too bad the food didn 't match . didn 't think it possible to mess up a taco salad but guess i was wrong . wilted lettuce and tasteless .
0	the menu descriptions sound wonderful , but unfortunately nothing is seasoned properly . from the tasteless salsa to the super bland cochinita pibil ... everything tastes like nothing . what a shame .
0	if you try to use restaurant .com or groupon .... the restaurant doesn 't count alcohol in the total bill ! ! ! i spent $ 103 and they refused to allow restaurant .com second , .... if you request a song from the band ? ? ? cost you $ 20 bucks ! ! ! even happy birthday.i tipped $ 5 and a band member said all requests are $ 20 . we will not return .
0	check your receipt carefully ! ! ! food is great but you cant trust their servers .
0	hot plates will burn your fingers ! ! ! burnt my finger from the ridiculously hot plate in front of the manager , and he didn 't apologize or offer to mive the plate for me !
0	the last two times they didn 't follow my order and i got a chicken burrito instead of a veggie one . very disappointing . if you order the normal stuff and are flexible about what they actually give you then the staff is pretty nice and it 's not that bad . it was a guilty thing for me anyway so i 'm going to go elsewhere .
0	the manager will send a verbal warning via your server if you order all you can eat and dare to share your fries ! the all you can eat menu comes in tiny portions and a personal watch dog to ensure no one picks off of your plate . it was a tasteless experience ; the servers are friendly .
0	i went there and next thing i know i get messages about fraud on my account . be careful .
0	they got our order wrong and forgot a few things . the chicken on my grilled chicken salad was ice cold and showed no signs of it ever even touching a grill ( was home and eating in 10 minutes ) . there was no dressing on the salad and none was in the container or in the bag so i had to eat a dry salad . my wife had ordered a vegetarian friendly salad and it had chicken on it . they reluctantly remembered her dressing . they also forgot our chips and salsa . i hope that they start paying more attention to carry out orders or they are likely to lose some customers .
0	the mexican guy that handles the window is an a $ shole . is always rude and i not willing fix his mistakes . avoid this place
0	service is horrible . don 't ask for anything on the side because you won 't get it . don 't get avocado because it 's not avocado its guac and its a drop of it for . $ 75 . not friendly and they make mistakes on orders . never coming back- subway is more worth it then this place or making your own at home .
0	it was already overpriced ! also , who uses nacho cheese at a mexican restaurant ? will not be back !
0	totally unappetizing and will not be back . so disappointing as i grew up with popo 's in maryvale and was looking forward to a good meal .
0	sad to say this cafe rio will never get my business again .
0	unfortunately , this past year food quality and service has dropped exponentially for the exception of one or two servers . whether it 's stale avocado or chips or the a / c is broken it 's sad to see a once great restaurant slowly go down the drain .
0	sorry for not being more specific , but i really tried hard to wash the memories of the place from my soul . still have nightmares of it .
0	since it had always been relatively clean , i decided to give into my urge for a couple of tacos . nobody was at the counter . i waited , and waited . finally the girl in the kitchen with limited language skills went to find the manager . again i waited and waited . apparently the manager could out wait me because i finally left in disgust . while i was waiting ( and waiting ) a couple of other potential customers came and went . a couple of tacos ain 't worth the wait .
0	steak fajitas not worth $ 15.49 ... served luke warm , over cooked charged for extra tortillas and a few slices of jalapenos ... sever joaquin , ignored us for 15 mins when we arrived and was less than friendly or attentive ... won 't be back ... too bad arribas use to be much much better ...
0	tonight my wife and were at top shelf late , probably the last customers of the evening . seated in the restaurant , not the bar . utterly disappointed trying to have a conversation with the employees ' loud foul language , inluding f-bombs from the bartender and a longtime favorite waitress coming from the bar . ( she was apparently clocked out and drinking at the bar , so at this point she is a patron but still a representative of the establishment ) . we will no longer support this restaurant . don 't bring the kids to this " family " place late at night .
0	inconsistency and especially human laziness is always the root of nothing good ! check your cameras and do some remedial training with the lazy ass excuse of a human responsible for this . a lazy ass will always be the bacteria infection to the success of any business .
0	sad , but i 'll be searching for a new mexican restaurant .
0	lived in utah for a while ... just like you camilla k . i loved the ones in utah and thought i would give this one a chance . the manager guy , don 't know his name , is a total jerk . the food wasn 't even warm . it was cold . my wife and i are sitting here right now and i 'm so upset that i have to leave this review right now . just awful service and not even good food anymore . gradually getting worse . i 'm going to costa vida from now on .
0	ordered a taco and cheese enchilada ! took a bite of the taco and it was sour ! ! i had to vomit in the bathroom ! ! the thing that really upsets me is the only thing the manager did was take it off the bill ! ! the whole meal was spoiled ! ! ! will never go there again ! ! she blamed it on the tortilla ! ! ! that was a lie ! ! ! my girlfriend smelled the meat and it smelled rotton ! ! and tasted rotton ! ! long time customer ! ! last time there ! ! ! !
0	tonight just me and my husband . we waited 10 minutes for our table to be told they no longer allow parties of 2 to sit in booths ( even though there are 2 available ? ? further new host advises he has to " hold " booths for larger party that " may " come . honestly on a tuesday night at 630 ? actually escorted us back to door to leave ? ? ? ? what on earth is going on here- miss old hostess and customer service and owner presence
0	tonight it was terrible and it appears there 's been a big turnover in staff . none of the regulars were there . service was awful , food was cold and soggy and no one seemed to care . so sad ...
0	for 15 years on and off i order and they make chicken or beef tacos for me al a carte . so , i order them like usual and the mgr. comes over and says i won 't make them for you , not on the menu . ok ... i say , just put some ground beef in a tortilla and i am good . he says no ! i am so frustrated ! this was my favorite dive bar and now , on principle , i refuse to go back . i asked the manager if i could speak to the owner and he said no ... boy , i wonder how much business this jerk has lost / is losing for this poor owner !
0	service was so slow and i told the waiter i was dehydrated and was begging for water . there were only two other tables so i shouldn 't have to beg for water . i also had to beg for more salsa and didn 't dare ask for more chips . i ordered the gardein chicken tacos and spit out the first bite and boxed up the rest . not enough flavor for this tex mex chick . probably fun at night when you 're drunk and the place has a really cool atmosphere .
0	however , in the last month or two , things have really really gone downhill after the shorter younger guy left ( sorry , never got his name . super friendly dude . the owner , maybe ? ) . then today , i walked in for lunch and a health inspector was there . i didn 't really think anything of it , until i somewhat jokingly asked the inspector if they were passing . she replied dead serious that they were not passing and said not to eat there today . sorry barrocco , but today will be the last time i grace your doorstep .
0	but after my last visit i wont go any long . aside from the multiple orders messed up . putting fresh , but still with hot oil on them , chips in styrofoam containers . the first time i took my girl friend there she was throwing up a few hours after eating . she hadn 't eaten anything else . i would not advise eating here , the price doesnt match the food quality either .
0	on top of that , they have been out of an item i want on numerous occasions . the credit card machines are always broken , the drive through box is broken as we speak , the lady asks me to order then stops me in the middle of my order because she 's not ready . lines take forever on drive through . frustrating experience every time i come . don 't go here , take the extra five minutes and go to the taco bell on happy valley .
0	they raised the prices to the point of insanity . it 's basic mexican food ... not fine dinning ! ! ! the prices have gone up close to 35 % ! ! !
0	have not been able to get back for several months . went last night , all prices have risen . ordered 3 bean burros , ( $ 4.25 each ! ! ) 2 tacos , a cheese crisp and a beer . total was a massive $ 36 and change ! ! ! ! ! ! way more than before and way over priced . they forgot the cheese crisp. the cheese crisp is now only a store bought tortilla with melted cheese . it tasted blah and was a bit ' chewy ' which is the opposite of crisp . will not be returning .
0	mexican food places are a dime a dozen and i refuse to pay for salsa , this was a first time for me getting billed for salsa . lol
0	today was no different only to find out that this particular location charges $ 1.29 per taco . kind of disappointed she probably won 't be going back again . in looking online , they 're still advertising these tacos for .99 . not sure if it 's only this location but i 'm not driving around to different locations to find out . bye bye roberto 's . i 'll take me business elsewhere where i know what the price is !
0	they 've had a new crew the last month and the food has suffered . usually go for taco wednesday and this is the second time the food has been below par . undercooked tacos are no bueno ! not sure i 'll come back and sad about it cause this has been my wednesday tradition , but i like my food cooked thoroughly . i was wondering why they were not so busy , i guess more people are having bad experiences too . this place used to be really busy ...
0	too many steps to get what you want , service was slow and inconsistent , and the food was not worth $ 13 a plate . i would save your money and go somewhere else worthwhile in the area . the first entree came out 15 min before the second . the carne asada is something i would compare to canned cat food . the salad looked like it had died and came back with a vengeance . soggy , and gross . wish i had the guts to ask for my money back , but it 's only the second day open so i feel bad .
0	mexican food here is not mexican food . they had store bought taco shells and tortillas . ugh what a disappointment .
0	been here 3 times and 3 times i had to leave because they were out of something or the service was bad this location also closes earlier than other kfc 's wtf !
0	worst del taco staff and management . you need to seriously evaluate your management and staff .
0	been here 4-5 times , always have to wait for food in drive thru , they always have me park to wait for the food , the people who work here are always rude , not once has it been a smooth easy drive thru .
0	the quality of the food seems to be going down , fast . the service is ok , but definitely not great . the wait for food in the drive through is pretty bad , for fast food drive thru . won 't be going here very often . too bad , cause i used to like their breakfast .
0	food here is bland and servers more interested talking to each other than their tables . there are by far better mexican places in the area , like taco bell ! i suggest trying that .
0	the server we had acted like we were a bother and he didn 't follow up on the food . when the food came we were missing some simple sauces for my wife 's tacos and we also asked for more napkins . after fifteen minutes i had to get up ad ask the manager if he could get it for is . our server came out with like ten knack ins and dropped a small container of baha sauce in the middle of the table and walked off . what an asshat . won 't be back . i 'll make sure my friends no longer patronize this establishment either . joyride is across the street and they have much better service not to mention food .
0	been here a few times , however today we went in , the man at the door looked like he needed a shower , he did not greet us and then tossed out menus on the table.if it 's to much of a bother to greet your customers then i for one will spend my money elsewhere.the food is not good enough to warrant staying after that non- greeting .
0	the lady that was doing the drive through window was the least helpful person ever . very demeaning . they don 't have a posted dollar menu / value menu . so i asked wrong apparently , asking about a dollar menu , with a sharp , " we don 't have a dollar menu ! " followed with silence ... " okay .. do you have a value menu at least , " " well we have this this and this . " " okay . well let me get those then . " thank goodness burger king is right up the street . i will be going there for my local burgers from this time on .
0	owner is sitting down eating next to the reister , i walk in , he says nothing just looks at me waiting for my order . after i pay , no thank you or anything else , it 's almost as if it 's more convenient for his business to be there and it 's my privilege to pay him as well . they have better service at qt. watch out for the surcharge on card trxs , it 's hidden and he doesn 't say . lastly , no receipt either . it your risk if you go to this place ...
0	came back today to order for pick - up and everything went smooth . problem is we have been waiting for 30 minutes ( and still waiting ) for 2 burritos . they 're 4-5 workers behind the cashier but no food is coming out . wished our experience here was better . on top of all that , we have groceries that have been in the trunk during this 40 minute wait ..
0	came in today just for menudo . i won 't be back for it again . before i could taste a spoonful i had to skim out quite honestly about 1 / 4 cup of oil / fat first . it literally filled the little styrofoam cup the onions / cilantro come in . they don 't clean the tripe , each piece had a layer of gooey fat on it . spoons were itty bitty , especially if your bowl had the pata .
0	still every time they forget at least 2 things that i ordered . just a reminder to completely check your bag before leaving this taco bell . i 'm not sure how their memory can be that bad but at least it 's consistent ...
0	have our margaritas , but they must be picking the avocados for the appetizer guacamole straight from a tree in california ... we had two waitresses ? each of whom told us that the prices on the menu are not correct , but higher and they were getting new menus tomorrow ... we actually ended up leaving ! they didn 't make us pay for our drinks , which was good , but wow ! i wouldn 't be surprised if they still hadn 't put our order in by the time we left .
0	first time ever stopped in for happy hour today . ordered the hh tacos . big mistake ! these were simply deep fried frozen tacos with some lettuce and salsa thrown on top . didn 't finish one of the two . grease dripping down my hand . just terrible .
0	staff is always seems very friendly . been there three times over the last three weeks and they don 't have crunchy taco shells . that is mine my wife 's favorite doesn 't seem logical with their menu that they would not have those . tonight for the first time they said that they 're deep-frier is broken . staff was still very friendly but quality is seem to drop off over the last few months .
0	the food is spotty . sometimes it 's amazing ( even though it only resembles mexican food ) and sometimes it 's blah . the one constant is the horrible service and slow line . they always seem to mix up the order of the orders in line . the operation is a cluster . i want to go back there and help . just writing about it makes me anxious and mad . sloppy food prep , doesn 't matter what you order because a little bit of everything else will be in your scoop . i 'm done . don 't care how much my kids beg , there are too many better , cleaner , tastier , and much faster options .
0	the beans are always dry and flavorless at this location .
0	had bad service , small portions and messed up orders multiple times . they forgot to put salsa in my last pickup order . seriously ? how do you forget that ? last time i go here . lesson learned . this chipotle sucks .
0	had coworkers that didn 't want to go anywhere far and chose this establishment for dinner , so i joined even tough i knew wasn 't gonna be good . had the camarones tacos and the quality of the food was so cheap that i couldn 't believe how people can offer that . the grilled shrimp were so small and seemed the ones that you microwave . i wish yelp would let us rate half star because that would be more appropriate as rating . never again !
0	we came in around opening and we were seated by a lady who was talking on the phone . she did put the phone down to take our drink order im assuming she is the owner or manager . 15 minutes passed and we never got our drinks and no one came by to take our food order . we waited 5 more mins and nothing not even the water my mom ordered . we decided to leave and as i look back i see the cashier brushing her hair . not even a good bye or have a nice day . horrible customer service .
0	this is not the place to eat anymore . ordered one fish taco & 2 beef tacos , drive thru rep was abrupt & very short when ordering . i know it is not a nice place but a hello and how can i help you would be nice . so , lets get to the food , fish tacos , under cooked & not tasty , beef tacos totally skimpy on the beef & full of lettuce . next time i will check yelp for reviews , they have always pointed us in the right direction !
0	they always mess up my order , especially at the drive-thru . skip this one and drive 3 minutes north to the mcd 's at alma and queen creek . it 's much better .
0	been here three times and every time seems like the staff don 't care if you stand in line for five minutes and no one even says hi .... and you 're the only one here
0	the 1st time they struggled to take our orders properly . today , it was moderately busy and it was still taking 20-30 minutes for people to get their orders . everyone started to demand refunds -- what a mess . we won 't go back .
0	they are not accommodating , nor friendly in any way . you are served by children , the decor is cheap and tacky . too bad , we really wanted to like this place .
0	first time was just ok , average taco shop fare . the staff has a hard time with communication in english , but no big deal . well the second and last time , i had to explain 3 times what i wanted. then when it was served , looked and smelled worse . the girl behind the counter was rude . so into the trash the food went and out the door i went .
0	both times they were out of carne asada so i didn 't get tacos . tried the ceviche the second time they were out of carne and it practically came in a dixie cup ! literally ... it was probably 4 bites of ceviche for a ridiculous price . i miss the baja fresh that was here before this joke moved in . one star ! !
0	service is a joke as well , not even a thank you of any kind after leaving a 30 % tip trying to be nice . unless they do some major coupon campaign and learn to flavor their food , i 'm doubtful they will make it to the end of the year . this location needs something good based on it 's close proximity to general dynamics etc .
0	not one employee has apologized . there there was 1 car ahead of me with a small bag and i 'm still waiting on my food .
0	the customer ahead of me are complaining to the people at the pick up windows and they employees are arguing back ! ! ! do not come here !
0	what the hell and it smells like weed . i don 't know if it 's from the cars or the employees . i don 't know what is taking so long when ive seen the staff hand people their food 5 minutes ago but no one is moving . this is ridiculous .
0	not to mention the fact i froze my nuts off for 60 minutes whilst eating .
0	my family is mexican when they came my husband had made his food i was afraid they might not like they wanted more than seconds and they kids love his food . they need to step it up with there flavor and there rice is sticky and there prices are high .
0	today out of the four desserts they offer they only had one . i got so frustrated today i didn 't even order , but my male friend did , and it was really bad . he didn 't eat even eat it . not any did they not take his order off they didn 't even discount it . it 's bad enough the service is slow . never going back
0	service is terrible our waiter today sunday december 22 of 2013 , irving took our money and then came back acting innocent asking if we wanted our change back this is low , i can 't believe we got jack at this place ! ! ! ! ! !
0	she wont even look at you when you wave at them . had to go to the inside bar to order drinks instead and me snd my friend got sick drinking the overly sugary daiquiri and long island . had to leave early after feeling sick but did finally wave down a waitress and get some chips .
0	been there not so much anymore s * * * * * food was great people think they know what they 're doing not so much
0	never going back . service has always been bad .
0	first time , they told me they can 't seat us because they have possible reservations and the place was empty . that should have been the sign . well , we tried it again today , and it was horrible , the people did not wait on us . we had to sit by the bar . service was terrible . i will never go back .
0	a kind of wanna be fancy but cheap . ( like the weird seats ) on the top of that we had some annoying loud techno music went out with a headache and a 100 $ bill not worth it at all . avoid this place !
0	they get one star , only because you can 't give them zero . don 't waste your money , here ... if you want mexican food , just walk around the corner to hussong 's , instead - it 's better food , better margaritas , and a bit cheaper , overall .
0	this was not one of them . ate at the bar , no tv , not the greatest selection of draft beer , the chips were like eating cardboard , and the burrito i had didn 't have much flavor . the queso topping was watery and bland .
0	service is the worst of any i have ever been to . the past 2 times the carnitas was not even cooked all the way and all fat . service at the counter is pathetic and doesn 't even listen , you have to correct them constantly . when you check out , depending on who rings you up , you get a different price every time ! ! ! do not go here ! ! rip off ! ! ! ! manager even stands by as workers screw up and does nothing ! ! !
0	always a rough to bad experience . tonight was the last time i go here . waited 30 minutes for food . watched them give the drive-thru order to someone in the lobby . they had to remake that order . people sat in their car for something near 20 minutes . when my food came we were missing a burrito and another one was basically made from the wrapper with a tortilla sitting on top of the mess . avoid this location .
0	went there last night . had a taco de carne asada that did not look , smell , or taste like carne asada . my wife and i were both worried we were gonna get sick . that was the last time we will be going there .
0	i had to wait a long time before i could place my order because the waitress was hanging around in the back kitchen . the food took a long time to be ready and when i finally get my food , the chicken was dry and tasteless .
0	been trying to go here on a few different occasions to use a restaurant.com certificate , however it looks like this place is closed for business !
0	normally , the staff at this location is great . tonight , however , very different . i went through the drive thru and the woman immediately had an attitude , scoffing when she found it hard to hear my order . i 'm sorry you work for del taco , but this is your job . treat your customers with respect from start to finish for the sake of your company and your pay check . a note to the manager , perhaps make sure the person taking the orders for the drive thru gets some customer service training .
0	so my buddies spanish grandma would have had bread , olive oil , olives , cheese and bragged just a little about one of his favorites that was next . man bun doesn 't quite get that . just saying
0	after a few weeks of being open they 're already closing early before website says . not good for a brand new business
0	been waiting for delivery for over 2.5 hours ... i would love to review the food but i fear i shall never try it
0	these guys are always very slow after 9pm but today was the worst ! ! !
0	gave us the wrong order . three times . no apology . terrible service . worst location i 've ever been to . customers in the lobby also have been waiting for a very very long time with messed up orders . would not recommend .
0	( heck , we 'll even take taco bell . ) the meat here was cold and the flavor was awful . don 't come here unless you 're a big fan of chef boyardee .
0	this place is overpriced for the quality of food and the portion sizes . to add to the madness the service is absolutely garbage . it still boggles my mind to this day as to how they 're still in business . i ordered the chicken fajitas and no i wouldn 't recommend this place to even my worst enemy .
0	the service and management has been sliding downhill the past 6 months . today we got half the meat we usually do on our bowls . my husband asked about getting a little more and was told he would get charged for double meat . they did not have forks and when i asked the cashier samantha if we could get forks she said " we are out of them . " i asked her if i was supposed to eat a salad with a spoon and she shrugged and looked annoyed . no apology . no customer service . they could use some basic pr training . and a good manager .
0	we had asked our waitress how spicy the food was that we were ordering and she told us that it was mild . when we got our food we could not even eat it it burned our mouths and throats so badly . the waitress was very good at playing dumb . we will never go back here
0	this just did not measure up . it was not a particularly busy night , but the wait staff had problems keeping up . the food was not good at all . i could not eat the chile releno . it was salty , greasy , and had a fishy taste . enchiladas new mexico style are flat , not rolled .
0	i came here with a friend on 31 / 12 / 13 for a quick , last minute dinner as all the other restaurants in town were fully booked . i ordered the chicken burrito and for £ 11 it was actually pretty decent . however i 'm 100 % positive that it was the burrito that gave me food poisoning about 6 or 7 hours later . don 't come to mariachi if you can help it !
0	the carne asada was bland and didn 't think this is authentic mexican food but another street faire .
0	these tacos i never want again . the chorizo taco had chopped up foil in it . i had to wait 45 minutes in the beef line and my food was cold when he handed it to me . they make the carne asada then chop it up into tiny bits like rice and it was filled with grissle and it doesn 't taste great . i hate everything about this place and food .
0	not so much . i spent 14yrs in new mexico and know new mexican food very well . this is a fairly bad knockoff of what new mexican food is . si senor is a bland chain in new mexico that is reaching to capture other markets apparently . this is no los cuates !
0	this place was horrible . i ordered the chicken fajitas and they looked like a piece of rubber , or if it was warmed up in the microwave and tasted the way it looks . this is not new mexican food ! i also don 't like the cheesy names on the menu like the roswell burrito or the carlsbad enchiladas , really ?
0	first their salsa was essentially canned rotell , chunky and flavorless . the queso was made from the giant cans of cheese you can find at walmart . i had chicken tacos and the meat was so dry it took me awhile to chew each bite . rice and beans were bland and tasted worst than canned . the waiter told us this place was closing . i feel bad cause he was very nice and a good waiter but based on the quality of food and skills of the kitchen staff , i understand why they are closing avoid this place at all costs
0	the food is awful , tastes nothing like mexican food . so tasteless , definitely different from my first visit but that was on the eastside of vegas so that might be why .
0	my husband and i decided to try it out after work today and i am so bummed out we wasted money . i 'm sure the bartenders are really knowledgable the menu is very impressive . but the service over at the tables was just awful . my cocktail came out with lipstick all over the rim so right away everything felt dirty . the flatbread was so salty and then the server forgot to put in the rest of our order . : ( i 've never written a bad yelp before i feel bad but i 'd never come back even when my coworkers come .
0	serving rotten fruit as a side dish to a breakfast burrito is embarrassing . food was rancid , it actually makes me angry . this place got our $ 40 for breakfast , don 't let them get yours . close this place down , what a pit .
0	but the customer service is beyond horrendous . i thought i was getting fast-food , not a dine-in service . it took them 30 minutes to even order my food , and i wasnt even gonna order much to begin with . i love their food , but they need to fix their time management .
0	this place is terrible . the entire experience is not enjoyable . from the bad attitude of tina at the hostess station and the slow service of jose . it 's all terrible . food sucks . just go to taco bell and save yourself the headache . same food quality and a whole lot quicker .
0	over priced food . tried a few different options . would guess that the main ingredient in most dishes is sugar . everything had unbalanced sweetness . the street taco was not a " street taco . "
0	some of the staff needs an attitude check . usually i don 't have big a problem , but coming on a wednesday afternoon , the guy with dreads and gold chain was terrible . horrible , horrible attitude . good god .. at least show some common decency for your customers . also for some reason , flavors of the food are never the same on different days .
0	the server was nice , so we 'll give it a star .
0	was served cold tamales . they reheated it and served it again . should have made a whole new order . rice was hard & crispy . seemed left over from previous day .
0	and $ 6 for chips and guacamole ? unless you go to chandler high , skip this place .
0	unfortunately since then their service has slowed to a snail 's pace , the food isn 't the same quality , and they raised prices . too bad . great burritos and bowls , good service and reasonable prices . our favorite gilbert fast mexican place : )
0	ben here several times i really love spicy food of any ethnicity use ghost chili sauce at home however i could not eat the farmers burrito it was so spicy the waitress removed from the bill and offered a replacement but the wife was already done probably won 't go back and that 's a shame because the ambiance is better than most mexican restaurants
0	the bone could have done some serious damage . ben did what he could to salvage the day with some free beers , but none of the managers ever came over to personally apologize . both those managers do not appear friendly , so not surprised . will still drink here , but clearly dodged a bullet and a bone on this visit .
0	be prepared for a bad stomach the next day everything is basically microwaved or heated in the oven hygiene can be an issue
0	he insulted my sister . completely unprofessional and uncalled for . a horrible employee and person .
0	in addition to paying an arm and a leg for a breakfast burrito , i also had to deal with one of rudest staff members that works there ! i would have kept paying their outrageous prices ( i am a fan of supporting local businesses ) , but after being so rudely mistreated by their main staff member , i have not and will not visit again ! i would also discourage others from going there , until mangos rethinks their prices .. and hires new and friendlier ( english-speaking ) staff !
0	the food is good but my vegetarian companion found beef in the burrito . we won 't be returning .
0	waited more tban 30 for burrito . go to burrito company down the street and in and out in 5 min and they have better food at burrito company .
0	the food was poor . ordered tortilla soup and guacamole . soup took 30 min and guacamole 40 . thought i was ordering quick derive items . soup was luke warm and not very good . guacamole was flavorless . no additional chops offered or given . manager came by and all he could say was i am sorry . put you time and money somewhere else . then it took a bit to get a check and no other apologies
0	fajitas used to be better . it 's almost like they are pre making them and keeping them warm . not the crowds that used to frequent this restaurant because of above reason .
0	too bad none of the atmosphere moved to the new mad mexican . food sill great , but more suitable to old location south of annette
0	i 'll make this short ... my family will not be returning .
0	this is so upsetting all of the above were rude , unprofessional and especially the manager , threatening to call the police when they were in the wrong , after all that they waived the extra charges because assuming to call the police was not putting a scare into us when they were in the wrong ! ! '
0	ordered the same shots twice and was charged very differently with one being excessively high .
0	no flavor . and chicken doesn 't look cooked . worst mexican i 've ever had . lol . how 's t hard to mess up ? but yea never ever .
0	this has been by far the worst " mexican " restaurant . i don 't understand what triggered their mind to go into the restauranteur business ! ? ! machaca is supposed to be a dry beef with egg but this was oozing of water because it was broiled . good thing i don 't live around here , i had found this on yelp from a dr. visit .
0	the location is near the ghetto a bit and is a busy location .
0	this is such an immense contribution to the plastic pollution problem . in an establishment that does not offer beers " to go , " there is no excuse not to use glass .
0	food was so-so , i did like the fried flour tortilla chips . but the red chile burritos are beef and not pork . they don 't serve rice , the pasta like side with carrots and peas is marginal at best . but its the bait and switch happy hour menu you have to be careful of . they offer a $ 3 house margarita , but will charge you $ 7 saying you ordered a " big " margarita . save your money and go to carlos o 'briens , macayos or top shelf .
0	used to go here all the time especially since it 's open 24hrs . went there a few months ago about 1am and ordered a pretty big order for a group of friends totally was about $ 35 i paid with card and when i got the receipt back he charged me $ 80 ! ! ! when i told him to refund my money back he pretended he didn 't understand me and only spoke spanish ! then he gave me another receipt showing the correct amount . i was charged both the $ 80 and the $ 35 ! they steal your money ! !
0	also they jack up their prices and can 't get the order right prices went from about 7 to 8 bucks a plate to 12 to 15 ridiculous . i will never return to pay sit down restaurant prices for pathetic lackluster mexican food , gross . the one on main and sycamore is way better and they have the 5 buck chimichanga plate .
0	had dinner round 5 : 00 at the bar had a couple sips of my margarita and felt odd and so did my boyfriend . got food to go and passed out on the way home and don 't remember anything , and my boyfriend woke up with an awful headache.pretty sure the bartender put something in our drinks . just fyi . the food i 've heard is good but won 't ever go back there .
0	husband and i went here for lunch and that night we were both incredibly sick . this was the only thing we had eaten that day and we both got sick with the exact same symptoms which leads me to believe we got sick from this location .
0	i ate a chili meal and later that night i woke up in the middle of the night so dizzy i couldn 't even stand up let alone walk . i thought i was dying , a few minutes later i threw up really bad and then i felt better . i called the manager of my fit foods and told him they were selling bad food . he said they had a few similar cases recently . he apologized and told they would give me a free meal . but i would never go there again and risk feeling like i was gonna die again ! ! ! beware
0	make sure to check you check you bank statements as the servers will overcharge you for tip ! checked my statement after drinking there for happy hour , my receipt said $ 15 and my bill that my bank statement was $ 19 . was good happy overall , just kinda messed up that they overcharged me , even though it was $ 4 more .
0	we had 2 each ( they were on the smaller size ) and within 45 minutes , we were running to the porta-potties ! ! then , we had to rush home . we had to stop along the way , as well ! this establishment ruined our entire day , as this situation continued throughout the night and the following day . i don 't want to assume what happened , but i would never take a chance again with this place ! walk ( better yet , run ) from this food booth ! !
0	looks like they decided they deserved a tip . i will not eat at a place that 's not honest about it 's charges to customers accounts
0	my husband and i both had a few bites of the steak from there and it didnt taste right so we stopped eating it . ( that is the only thing we both ate the same that day ) . we both ended up with horrifying food poisoning for 2 days . i am pregnant so of course i am extremely scared and mad . still have yet to get the little one checked out ... but hopefully the baby is okay . please avoid this place ! i feel like i died for 2 days and am finally coming back to life .
0	second time coming and once again very disappointed . ive been waiting more than an hour for a quesadilla ! ! ! everyone in my party and other people that walked in after us have been served with their food except for me and my uncle . i talked to the waitress and all she says is " its on its way " seriously never coming back .
0	ordered : whole tilapia carne asada plate ( food poisoning ) machaca shrimp cevice ( this didnt get me sick ) i had been there many , many times with my family . i was willing to tolerate poor service in exchange for cheap and decent food . but then one day ... i ordered the carne asada plate and everything on my plate was hot ... except for my meat ! ! oh they warmed it up for me ... but , the real question is why did i eat it after that ? i got food poisoning . never will return
0	the food was ok , but overpriced . the service was awful . at the end we had an extra charge on our bill of $ 5.86 when we asked the waitress what this was , she laughed and said it was the mafia charge . according to her all restaurants in the miracle mile shops charge this extra fee .
0	oh , and their parking lot cameras are coincidently " not recording . " never going back to this place again . completely violated .
0	pretty sure the fat lady manager ( hispanic ) at this del taco location is a apart of a group of people stealing people 's atm cards . she is either tipping someone off or stealing them herself . there are several reasons why i believe this to be the case . i hope lvpd sees this review and arrests these pieces of shit .
0	she also went from handling cash to serving food without washing her hands ! and of course my order was wrong since she wasn 't paying attention . sorry pollo , you are off my lunch list !
0	read the bbb complaints . this business will send unauthorized bill . will send bill at later date without notification or discussion of cost . fraudulent and illegal .
0	worst service ever . the few times i 've had amnesia about how bad it was and have come back i 'm reminded ten-fold just how terrible this location is . the last time we waited 25 minutes in the drive through . when we got to the cashier they were clueless - no apology , no nothing . the workers inside looked like they were moving in super slow motion and our food was incorrect as usual but the thought of going inside and trying to resolve my order was worse than the initial experience itself .
0	complete tourist trap . ive lived in the area for 5 years now and have only been here once . once was more than enough - the shawarma is not authentic as they use poor quality ingredients and not enough at that ! not fresh and completely underwhelming . the owners don 't care - they just want to make a quick buck off of tourists . had had issues with food authorities in the past over cleanliness . stay away !
0	they do not use a calculator for some reason to add up your bill and end up charging you more . most people wont notice it but clearly they do it more than often . i am pretty sure its not a mistake because it has happened more than twice . also , while ordering they do not specify if rice is extra or if they are trying to cross sell a product , they make it sound as if it comes with the entree . i would be careful of their practices . finally , the quality of food is no different than bombay grill ... its same old bombay grill type of food .
0	they just give you a total , you don 't even know what are you paying for , because you just get the total of what you consume they can charge you more and you don 't even know and i think this is against the consumers law because the customer have to know what they are paying for otherwise any business can rip you off your money and charge whatever they want.i never went to a restaurant that did not give the customer the list of what it consumed with the price .
0	luckily we caught it and had them remake the food .
0	pretty sure i got food poisoning from this place . wasn 't thinking right when i walked in and saw how dirty the place is - should 've ran .
0	i 'm not even lying. i 'm going to call the heath district .
0	they literally pick at their food , the ladies use their finger nails as forks and the go back to work without washing their hands . i witnessed this personally today . in a county where restaurants are constantly being shut down due to poor employee hygiene i 'd expect better .
0	what should have been a 10 minute wait turned into 45 because of deliberate slow service . there is a single person cutting meat , who insists on putting everything back into a warmer after serving each customer . if only they utilized their staff properly , and had multiple people preparing food ( instead of standing around and managing the line ) the owner obviously thinks that forcing people to wait will make their barbecue taste better . and based on these reviews , most people fall for it .
0	this location charged me extra as a tip without my knowledge . the price i was owed is different than the price i was charged and they also did not include my drink with my combo like they should . this is a late night scam ! beware
0	went in there just for two tortas ahogadas and ended paying $ 30.00 i will never come here again ! ! ! i will glady take my business elsewhere .
0	was eating here last nite me and wife and found a four inch long pice of hair in my food it was so disgusting i really did like coming here but will never come back ! ! ! even worst was manager first didn 't even come over to apologize had to ask to speak with her she acted like it was not a big deal she offer to take off that order she should have taken care of my whole bill really bad management disgusting food prep seriously how dose that happen no reason at all to ever happen do not eat here
0	went there to eat and the manager was very angry when i walked in . after ordering food and sitting down to eat , the police showed up about 10 minutes later and i had to leave . the manager is very bitter and arrogant . better to go elsewhere .
0	and the manager on duty didn 't really care . food was tasteless . maybe the caterpillar was there to add flavor . should be renamed from swallow a cloud soup to swallow a caterpillar soup
0	the worst mcdonalds in existence . they make the food bad . not just mcdonalds ' bad ... worse . every time i get into the drive through i ask , " why do i punish myself ? ( because i like the sausage burrito ) " it is almost so bad i want to write mcds , and tell them . but it 's mcdonalds .
0	bad flavors , uninspired menu , taco not worthy of taco bell . spoiled cheese . a waitress who lacked even the most basic knowledge and who has never tasted a single menu item . brought my 3 item combo minus the third item . i had to catch her attention only for her to say " oh yeah i thought something was missing when i picked it up in the kitchen . i 'll get it for you now . " these guys won 't last long . don 't go by the phony yelp reviews .
0	a surly staff member posted a cheeky response to my complaint on facebook . the management promised publicly to send me dinner on the house along with a profuse apology . great pr , but when i called them on it , the offered me two burritos and told me to pick them up . they claim to offer take-out , but they never answer the phone and don 't return messages . i was never rude to them even once but have been treated with a complete lack of respect . unacceptable and completely unnecessary .
0	after being seated at a table for 5 , i was told that - in fact - my group could not have that table . i would have to get up and leave . ( presumably b / c they had screwed up a reservation ) . just beyond anything i 've ever seen in the service industry . no attempt to make it up to us . we were literally just put out on the street . and the problem is , in this city the instagram-sheeple make it possible for any resto with a hint of hipster holiness to think it 's acceptable to act this way .
0	good drinking spot with great service , but the worst food . donot stop here to eat . our breakfast was gross ! eggs tasted pre done like at a buffet .
0	beans were microwaved before serving too . place is not to clean either tables are sticky .
0	i ordered a carne asada burrito and a grilled chicken burrito . i really don 't know what meat i consumed that they called carne asada . it was terrible . chicken burrito i could take it or leave it .
0	this is the first taco bell i 've been to where you had to wait for over 13 minutes to get your food . the sad thing is that they weren 't busy . if you go , bring a fidget spinner to keep you entertained .
0	the meat was cooked extra burnt , overpowering the other flavours of the whole bowl . cashier was extremely rude . the staffs were tasting the fresh chips with their hand , yet did not wash their hand after , just continue packing the chips . not impressed at all , the location at don mills is much better , with better quality food and service
0	only good worker was the manager and for that i give it 1 star .
0	fryers are shared with flour and corn and so is everything else . they are obviously trying to jump on the gf bandwagon without regard to who gets sick . oh well , back to chipotle !
0	wow ... disappointing , crazy expensive dry tacos and dustbowl rice . server was slow and not happy to be there . we all had tacos , chicken tinga and steak . portions were small and well done . definitely won 't return .
0	i had to walk up , request to pay my bill , an additional 20 minutes wait time destroys other reviews to u !
0	mad at the world cause you broke . didn 't even let them take my order because the customer service was so bad . trash .
0	completely forgot to give me my cinnamon twists . and gave me tons of hot sauce all of which were not the one i asked for . paid for extra black beans , instead got extra disappointed ...
0	spoiled rotten guacamole . when informed of the challenges they could care less . i guess if you have a captured audience it doesn 't matter and the people here don 't care .
0	couldn 't eat it . fyi that means it 's bad ! - extra for sour cream and guac ? fine ... but don 't advertise on the menu that it comes with both on the menu ! - finally kid behind counter sighing and rolling his eyes who wasn 't focused on work . he either needs a break or needs to be educated on open kitchen behavior . my previous chef would have fired me for acting the way he did . unimpressed , mostly because of the rotting ( not bruised ) cilantro . never going back .
0	i wanted to know what all the fuss was about . i thought it was going to be great since everyone talks so highly of it but it 's not ! i won 't ever return .
0	margaritas served in a small martini style glass , soooooooo full of ice that it is about 3 sips and it 's gone . nachos served in the chip container with a " splash of cheese " on top and pico de gallo the rest was dry as sh * t. the chips were wet from the pico de gallo they put all over the top . yuck ! the only thing that is normal is the beer . save your money .
0	please don 't go here . lackluster menu . watered down cocktails . tasteless food . overbearing waiter . the hostess and valet were lovely . that 's the only nice thing i can say about our experience . so many better options in clt for chips and guacamole and margaritas . we ordered drinks and guacamole and tapas . not one thing i would order again . saw a bunch of kids when we arrived at 6 : 30 , so maybe that 's their target audience . kids with low standards .
0	the pork nachos were ok , but the cheese was not very good and there was minimal pork on the marginal , kinda stale tortilla chips . the rice , beans , and lettuce were , again , standard restaurant cheap stuff from a restaurant supply . gross ... my chicken ' burritos ' were bland with minimal chicken and nasty cheese . service was slow , as stated by others . never again !
0	its way overrated and super expensive ! nothing really tastes fresh or authentic . your better off taking the time and making it at home.soggy fries , frozen corn , dry cornbread and meat that is so overcooked and smoked i cant taste what animal it strarted off as . final verdict .... boo !
0	went for taco tuesday and got a small tortilla with a bit of chicken on it . as i headed to the salsa bar , i saw a giant cockroach climbing the wall . i 'm out .
0	and i thank you for the three-day colonic that resulted from eating here . despite the restaurant touting its vegetarian / gluten free options ( even here on yelp ) , rudimentary items , such as the " cheese crisp with guacamole " are , in fact , lard-based . i understand lard is used in authentic mexican cuisine , which this is not . here 's a " concept " for you , fox - label your menus in accordance with 21st century standards . as a result of this visit and your irresponsible practices , i 'm removing all fox restaurants from my dining and entertainment repertoires - too many other superior ( and responsible ) options in town .
0	plain and simple . the food sucks ; it 's not even mexican food . the only thing mexican is the fact that they use words you 'd find on a menu at a mexican restaurant . i love other fox restaurants so i was quite surprised . try again guys ... better yet , don 't !
0	phoenix has a lot of great mexican food restaurants , this is not one of them .
0	if you 're looking for anything remotely close to tex-mex , this is not the place ; try your luck at emiliano 's ( south side ) or gran agave ( bloomfield / waterfront ) . if you 're looking for drinks , just go to buffalo blues next door .
0	in fact , the best thing i could say about it was how neatly the cook packed and folded my chicken burrito .
0	this is my first time writing a review on any website or app and its because i was so blown away by how terrible the food was . i 've also noticed that every other valley location associated with this one is just as bad . everything between the salsa , food , and horchata tastes bland . the good news is that there are plenty of other great filibertos in the valley
0	i had to smother my carnitas in hot sauce to make them edible . do not recommend this place at all !
0	i came here with the hopes of it being great . the location is cool ... but i ( and girlfriend ) ordered two burritos ... they came with salsa ( not much flavor ) and chips ... the burritos themselves were poor , and the service ( person at counter seemed annoyed ) the pork was dry , and no offering of hot sauce , etc ... only thing that was decent was margarita . but that itself seemed like the pre mix you could by at any store ( and cost eight bucks ) let down .
0	very disappointing . the rice and potatoes are very bland and the chicken is basic , the hot sauce is also basic and not very hot .
0	warning sign # 1 : all white people dining there . warning sign # 2 : salsa that 's bland as ketchup warning sign # 3 : no hot sauces on the table the three of us each had a different item from the lunch specials . yet our plates looked almost indistinguishable from one another . on each was some configuration of flour tortillas , mountains of shredded iceberg lettuce , and a slick of pale refried beans , all topped with orange cheese . you can get more flavorful " mexican " food at del taco . this place is more like mexican 't food . ulgh . i want my $ 5.25 back .
0	and the chips were way over seasoned . queso with the chips was the most edible thing but i wouldn 't order it again .
0	way overpriced . taco bell is better and at least has hot sauce . get this , jalapeños cost extra $ $ at senor peppers , what a joke . how is this place open ? because the locals have never had mexican food and think it 's something special , it 's not . go anywhere but here , it 's genuinely the worst meal i 've ever paid for and if still bothers me a year later .
0	phoenix has plenty of good mexican food ... i don 't know why anyone would waste their money here . even their hot sauce was flavorless . taco bell is a better bet for late night . want good mexican ? try tortas los reyes , carolina 's , or most wanted ... not this place .
0	nothing was terrible but nothing to write home about either . i posted a new photo of the menu because the one i looked at on yelp was out of date .
0	we did not feel welcomed coming in . dirty walls and decorations . no mild red salsa .
0	they got my order wrong and took fifteen minutes to fix it a half empty dining room . my wife ordered sour cream and guacamole with her tacos . the tacos showed up . the sour cream and guac did not . our server was nowhere to be found . another server did bring them over but we got a glib reply for the manager . the bisteak and chicken tacos were bland and dry . the chorizo was very salty but otherwise not flavorful and also quite dry . finally , the server took my wife 's plate while she was still eating . skip this place !
0	skip this place , you will be disappointed . the food isn 't that good and they were so rude .
0	bland food , chips wer really thin nd tasted stale nd the burrito i ordered tasted like it just come out of a microwave .. im surprised it has 4.5 stars .. not to mention its up fr a rennovation .. go somewhere else fr a 9 dollar burrito .. definately not coming back ..
0	had they put as much time and moeny in to the recipes and service instead of the property it woudl have been much better . nice location but there are much better alternatives ! ! yo qiero tace bell after this one ! !
0	staff was nice . atmosphere was great . won 't again though because the food wasn 't good .
0	small portion sizes . bland chips . no salt on tables . had to pay for salsa . i do not recommend this restaurant . do not come here ! ! !
0	the service was horrendous . the waitress hit me from behind with a tray , she didn 't come to the table for 15 minutes before taking our order , she didn 't bring plates for the nachos or any forks and knives , no sweetener for the tea , and it goes on . the quickest thing i got was the check and that was after i walked to find the waitress to ask for it . don 't waste your time with this place .
0	had the flautas , got 3 greasy rolled tacos with a sprinkle of cheese , i had to pay extra for the guacamole and sour cream . absolutely tasteless . boyfriend ordered the tamale plate .. tamales were dry and over microwaved . will not be coming here again that 's for sure . next time i 'll have taco bell for " authentic " mexican .
0	no lime though . flat soda , request for replacement never came . tiny margaritas . not worth it . almost empty restaurant with slow service . disappointed in our first vegas dining experience .
0	totally not worth the calories . service was good , but the food was not . kind of pricy for that type of food too .
0	no flavor in anything . don 't waste the walk from your car inside . i 've had better mexican at taco bell . the best part of the meal was my diet soda . after our plates were cleared it took over 20 mins for the waiter to bring our check . not recommend at all !
0	with not even a liquor license to help wash it down , there 's really not much here besides steam table meats and soggy pico . chips are extra , no salsas to try and flavour anything , tamales dry and soggy at once ( how ? ) much too common in this city unfortunately . kensington market remains hugely overrated ( not to discount a few gems ) but avoid this place . you 're better off with old el paso . not to mention my friend ordered a coffee and asked for it twice and it never came .
0	i was so bummed out my party of 5 all left there plates almost full great tap water horrible food " my advice stay away bland tasteless food yuck super sad "
0	they had us waiting nearly 15 minutes before they asked us for drinks and gave us chips. we were 3 minutes from just walking out. to top it off , they wouldn 't honor my 100 % valid bogo-entree coupon. it was an entertainment coupon which means the restaurant signed up voluntarily to be a part of the program .. which is irritating that they wouldn 't accept my coupon without a reason. our server asked my boyfriend if he 'd like another beer , but did not refill my obviously empty water cup. don 't go here - mexican food isn 't hard to come by in phoenix .
0	vomit served in a variety of ways at dos reales . i can 't believe anyone likes this place . if you like this place , you either a ) don 't know the meaning of flavorful mexican food or b ) have no taste buds and can 't wait to have nasty diarrhea in a few hours .
0	the owner should be embarrassed by whatever employee chose to act so unprofessional .
0	the salsa tastes like they opened a can of stewed tomatoes and threw in a pinch of parsley . the food was greasy ( not fried ) and left my stomach unhappy . my plate looked like they just slopped the food on it . the hostess was friendly and attentive unfortunately the waitress was one of the worst i have encountered . if you want good americanized mexican food , go to on the border .
0	disgusting ! just went for a quick appetizer and to feed the kids and it was horrible . kids food was fresh out of the freezer / microwave and i can make a better quesadilla at home . and i can 't cook .
0	had the fish tacos , they tasted of fish that had been bottom feeders that had been frozen , thawed , refrozen and then thawed again before cooking. i.e. mushy and not the best . they were cheap though ....
0	hated this place . the waiter was creepy , the food was boring and i felt a little sick after i left . i 've had way better meals at taco bell ..... there was nothing even close to authentic about this place .
0	complete and utter disappointment . i 'd sooner go to taco bell and del taco before i would ever set foot in filiberto 's , rigoberto 's , aliberto 's or any of the ' bertos in that chain . yuckity yuck yuck yuck yuck . did i say yuck ? best mexican by far i 've found here has to be rosa 's .
0	chips that taste funky , like the oil is rancid . salsa , macayo 's used to have awesome salsa , but now it seems water-downed . this place looks like it needs a power-washer and a deep clean . and the food was meh and really not very good .
0	my pork arepa was drenched in oil . that usually wouldn 't turn me off , but the arepa was completely flavorless . i had to drown it in " spicy " salsa that was more mild than vanilla pudding . never again .
0	service was incredibly slow , the food was pretty decent , but it took so long to get my bill that any joy felt for my meal was long gone before i left the door . the only reason i darkened the door of on the border was a sorority function , the staff had advanced notice that there would be ~ 20 people in our party and they seemed ill prepared / short staffed to handle us .
0	i 'm a regular starbucks fan , and this was my first visit to this location . i ordered my usual latte and didn 't think to taste it until after i had left , and it was aweful ! i was in a rush and couldn 't go back so wasted the $ 5 . something tasted off with a strong hint of chemical ( cleaner ? )
0	i was not expecting to have real authentic mexican food , but this was just bad . the food had no seasoning or taste whatsoever and was missing a lot of key ingredients . also the service was terrible ! took a long time to take our orders , we had our empty plates in front of us for about half an hour and we had to ask ourselves for the cheque . i will not be returning ! !
0	the food is worse than a chain like rubies- the bathrooms and tables are dirty and sticky- we got a highchair for our lo and it was filthy ! ugh
0	told us we couldn 't only drink there and we had to buy food . tried to go on a previous occasion only to be told they were closed . beware . they are anglophobes .
0	have messed up every single order i have ever placed through this particular location . expect a very long wait for your delivery order , or they may botch it entirely and rekey it as a pickup . every time i have gone inside to pick up an order , staff are angry at one another , rolling eyes , and the atmosphere is chaotic and occasionally abusive . 1 / 5 stars , turdfest .
0	too low considering how easy it is to bring this number up . yelp needs to display this number on the front page . i walked right out with my family once i saw the number . thank nc board of health !
0	poor quality of meat on the ribeye .. your dress coast says business casual but a hobo could walk off the street and get a table . and they pack them in like an in and out burger at lunch rush . very cramped and loud atmosphere . : (
0	i 'ved contacted him repeatedly asking for my deposit back still hasn 't refunded me . its been about a month now . very disappointed and unhappy with taco heads experience i would not recommend them to anyone .
0	this sunday after a day of drinking poolside at home , we decided to order from them again . they twice accepted our order and then later canceled our order with the message " we are too busy . " i guess you have as many customers as you need already , so you won 't miss our occasional order .
0	tried it twice . bad ingredients . boo . open sundays though if you like bad tacos on the weekend .
0	when did green tomatillo salsa turn red ? at this place . the drive thru girl actually tried to tell me that offred = green . never again will i stop here
0	originally we liked it but prices went up and food quality slightly down makes it not worth going .
0	bland . over cooked meat . if this is authentic mexican food , you are shaming mexico . great that they are open late , and the prices are good . prepare for the meal with no less than 72 napkins to mop up the grease from the meat ... which you would think would be a sign of meat that had been cooked right , and would be moist , but it 's not . it is rubbery over cooked poor quality meats , slathered in seasonings and marinades and served right out of the greasy mess they were cooked in for far too long . avoid this place unless it 's your only option . oh , and they don 't take credit cards .
0	i 've come here quite a few times and have been disappointed each time . first of all , what mexican restaurant thinks it 's ok to charge for chips and salsa ? second of all , who puts 7 chips around a bowl full of salad and calls that a taco salad ? small portions , not much to choose from , slow service . but , the guacamole and lime margaritas are both really good . i 'll give them that . i could continue with my review but you get the idea . hopefully .
0	they tasted like powdered margarita mix was used if that 's even possible . the chicken chimis i had were very bland , gross & didn 't come with any kind of garnish or cheese . this was my first and last visit .
0	interestingly enough , saturday night , we both had bean and cheese burritos with guacamole here . i 'm not saying we got food poisoning from filiberto 's , but it is definitely suspect .
0	forgotton guacamole , wrong tortillas , and last night there was an eyelash in my fajitas . not to mention the fact that the delivery driver was incredibly rude ! never going back , and for shame because i really love mexican food and would eat it daily .
0	nothing special , nor is it authentic mexican . large menu of basic version of enchilladas , fajitas , burritos , etc-- clear indication of a lack of imagination of the chef / kitchen crew . the salsa is watery , tacos and fajitas are very bland . the cheese is obviously processed low quality product . clearly , very very poor concept of a restaurant from bbg . the physical restaurant in north hills is very poorly lit , it 's dark even at the middle of the day . the decor looks like a psychedelic throw back of the 60s / 70s , horrible colors .
0	tasted like a terrible salad . the rice and chicken literally have no taste . nothing at all like chipotle . nice try making it look like it and even the names are similar , its just terrible food . definitely do not eat here .
0	mine was a decent size chicken breast but my wife 's was half the size of mine . brought it back and all i got was a refund for the sandwich . rip off
0	00 ? ! ? pizza wasn 't even that good ! ! total rip off ! !
0	food is not authentic meat had no type of seasoning . corn was plain no flavor what so ever , place is clean prices are like 2.95 per taco drinks $ 3 corn $ 4 . would not come here again taco bell steak tacos are way better and cheaper !
0	they didn 't last very long at all . it 's the curse of that shopping center i assume and the fact that you are pulling into a shares parking lot with little caesar 's pizza and wal mart . oh well on to the next new place
0	very dirty , the meat was horrible there were bugs and roaches in the corners on the floor like they have been sweeped in a pile .. do not be fooled buy the tasty groupon pic . would never go back here
0	this location is closed down . called the frank lloyd wright location and asked whether they would honor the coupon . was told to call back when the manager arrives @ 5pm and ask him . hopefully they 'll honor it . have to wait and see .
0	they said they no longer have a contract with groupon and would not honor it . then when i checked in to yelp there was a coupon for a free drink once again they lady said they wouldnt honor it . finally the lady gave me 10 % off and a free drink . i was happy at that point until the food arrived . the chicken in my salad was delish but quality of the lettuce and the lack of other ingredients made it undesirable . they barely give you anything and they over charge you . your pretty much paying $ 8 bucks for lettuce .
0	he hands me my tickets and i walk out the door realizing i never got my change . walk back in and there is a line of 15 people . i walk to the side and tell the kid he forgot my change and he says he gave it to me and then returns to helping his customer . shouldn 't expect much intelligence from a gas station employee , but 20-15 isn 't hard fucking math .
0	called the manager and he said i had a wrong location and then said no one ordered around the time i did . so i said would be happy to bring my receipt and bag of cartilage . busted . proof in hand and he could care less . so all customers with a complaint are liars until they the managment was busted lying ? will never return , forever ruined arizona burritos for me : ( amigo dogs on glendale is my go to mexican food place now . super awesome customer services and not once have i gotten a bad dish .
0	don 't know how many times previously fried but had to trash ! very disappointing because child rellano is excellent and a real treat !
0	wife got a taco . i am now throwing up pizza now since 7 pm . food poisoning . stay away
0	i ordered a chonga to drink , appetizer to share and shrimp tacos . the bill ended up being over $ 100 for the 2 of us ! ! ! ! what a rip off ! i ended up getting food poisoning from the shrimp btw . won 't be returning
0	my mom almost broke her teeth and she was sharing it with my 2 year old daughter . i called to speak with owner or manager and no one spoke english . they couldn 't even understand what i was trying to communicate . they said they would give my number to a manager and i have yet to hear anything . saving the salad and rock and contacted the food and drug administration . absolutely ridiculous .
0	they tasted awful as they looked . service was poor and of course over priced being located at ceasars . i will not be back .
0	nice and loaded but after they wrapped it up . they didn 't heat it up like other burrito joints . my burrito was very cold and ended up being very messy and sloppy compared to other burritos i 've had . i will not be returning ever again
0	it must be coming out of her check if she gave me extra sauces. seriously 3 packets smaller than ketchup packets
0	i entered my code and it said it was already used ! wtf ? stop trying to recycle codes ! what a rip off !
0	now i know this could be lays fault but i brought them back to the store and they would not exchange . the chips are cheap and it is the principle . i will be gassing my 92 ' grand prix and hitting the road from this sunway gas stop from now on . buyer beware . 1 star !
0	ordered 3 types of meat and they were all served cold . flavors were not that great .
0	bought take out lunch was like warm and pricey .. use to be good don 't know what went wrong , then need to do better job on take out ! !
0	it sucked ! container was empty they only gave me 8 shrimps for 20 bucks ! ! fucking rip off . never again . service was horrible as well .
0	bought two $ 16 slushie drinks , no alcohol in them go to fat tuesday 's instead
0	my last bowl was not even 1 / 3 filled . cheap . original owners must have sold out .
0	you can get chips and salsa for $ 6 . the food is meh , the back patio is relaxing next to the flamingo hotel water flow . generally besides a cure for a hangover , i wouldn 't be found at this place anymore .
0	food was tepid . chips were stale . had them replaced with the same product and poor attitude . no beer for sale and no one available to make a margarita . did not see any evidence of any management either . too bad . cut the loss and move on . not sure what the attraction is . certainly not the food and most obviously , not the service .
0	apparently the hotel and restaurant were sold and you can tell the new owners really couldn 't care about quality and service anymore . what used to be a hopping , full-of-fun and life restaurant is merely a shell of its former self . food - if one could call it that - was awful . stale , dry meat as part of the tacos and burritos . rice and beans were like straight out of the can . all in all , it was pretty much disgusting . service ? well , our waitress did try . i think she was happy that we were drowning our hunger in booze .
0	we have been to the others but no diffence what a change over a few months. service is ok . food bad . t.v. ' s not updated chicken supper dry beef dry.not returning save you 're money .
0	i wound up having the cactus margarita which i asked them to make with sauza and it has to down down as the worst top shelf margarita ... i realize times are tough all over but it tasted like lemonaid and if there was tequila in it i sure couldn 't taste it ..... won 't be coming back . we left there and went to sierra bonita where my expectations were more than met .... please check out the review .
0	how can they have reviews before chrismas ? the food was fresh , but the service ... what service ? they don 't know what they are doing ! glad to have a place with the o-k kosher symbol . for a visitor like me , i appreciate a " pita joint ' with international kosher symbol and reputation , instead of just one rabbi . i plan to review it in the future !
0	they add extra conditions to them that are not printed on them so they don 't have to honor them . when you ask to speak to a supervisor you get another member of the family so don 't expect a different answer .
0	the potatoes were big and unweidly and sorely undercooked . staff was not prepared for opening 30 minutes after opening time . the cashier was still moping the floor and the cook was in the back loafing and the chairs were still upside down on the tables . ordered chicken breakfast burrito , but chicken was heavily spiced and poor quality today and the whole burrito was a hot mess . at 6 bucks , it was clearly a ripoff .
0	bring a fly swatter with you when you eat there there food has gone down hill since we last ate there not many customers at the time loooong wait , food was cold , never again
0	complete shit ! ! ! offered a refund and only refunded the metal laced bowl .
0	at least use styrofoam containers easier to pop in microwave smh next time i 'll go to rolando 's right up the street great food and they just scored an a rating in last inspection . i wonder what garcia 's scored ?
0	no , but seriously . we came for cinco de mayo , and yes we expected it to be busy . but we waited for 3 hours for our meal after we sat down . all the while other people were in and out . we had to ask our sever for water and to take our order . this place won 't last .
0	the menu is ridiculously over priced . just because your building is new and expensive and your overhead is high doesn 't mean you should charge $ 20 for a gross cheese enchilada , taco , and chili rellano . chips were stale and cold . salsa was worse than pace or even great value brand . stick to lindo , you 'll be paying over $ 100 for a family of 4 .
0	forced 1 bill on us . it is taking us forever to resolve the bill and pay .
0	we both ordered the margaritas and we could barely drink them they were so awful . i decided to try the sangria and it literally tasted like cough syrup . it was very thick and disgustingly sweet . i couldn 't even finish it . my friend had the tacos and she said they were " just ok . " i had the chicken burrito and mine was about the same . definitely nothing to rave about . neither of us will be back .
0	wasn 't very impressed . service was sub standard and prices were high for what we received . never had buritios from a restaurant that were that small and open ended eont be going back .
0	once we entered the restaurant the waitress pointed to our corner table , which was very cramped . within 10 second of us sitting there at least ten to fifteen cockroaches came out through the pipes and were crawling on the wall right next to us ! we walked right out . must be east las vegas has a very lower standard in health codes . we will never step in there again ! someone needs to call an exterminator ! ! !
0	the place was just about empty at the peak of the lunch hour and now i know why . not that they have to be , but the cook and server were not puerto rican . i mention that because the food was absolutely flavorless . this is quite embarrassing if anyone comes here thinking they are eating puerto rican food . down to the side salad on the plate with no dressing , i had to pour the louisiana hot sauce over the rice and beans and pernil . food was not expensive so i didn 't have much heartache . good lesson to know , not a place to come back to .
0	terrible ! ... super sad my friends got sh ¡ tty colombian food . -one concerned colombian
0	got to the restaurant around 7 : 10 or 7 : 20 . waiter was so in-attentive it was embarrassing . it took forever to get water , then drinks , then refills . most mexican places serve your food so quickly you barely have a chance to enjoy a basket of chips . we went through 4 baskets and waited an hour for our food , keep in mind i took forever to get chip refills . i like to think i have appropriate expectations for food quality and service on a $ 10 meal but this was terrible . this was our 2nd time here and we won 't go back ! waiter was very rude and unaccommodating .
0	our waitress seemed to be easily distracted , wasn 't entirely sure what we ordered , and managed to hang on to what was a cold beer until it was lukewarm while talking to either a customer / friend / co-worker . not going back , not interested .
0	waiter told me it was freshly made and argued with me . wow ! i just finally told him to leave it and i pushed it to the side . 10 minutes later he brought some that was in fact fresh . beer wasn 't cold . nothing about the meals were good . pretty sad .
0	dirty food displays . all salsas had skins on them . ordered the salad and the gal put 9 limes on the salad . the pork container had lettuce and chunks of what not floating in it . i would pass on this one . . .
0	the carne asada in the beast burrito was trash . the elote was over priced but was the only saving grace to this god awful place my boyfriend and i tried on a whim . couldn 't get a drink refill for the life of me , but after i 'm finished with my meal the waitress decides to refill my drinks . $ 12 for a cardboard burrito . i enjoyed writing this painfully honest review more than i did the food . on the bright side if you love dubstep and terrible remixes of sam smith and adele you 'll fit right in with the try hard atmosphere .
0	45 minutes for a burrito and taco . no chip refill while waiting , two people running around like headless chickens. horribly understaffed , its saturday night ! ! ! ! we should have left but decided to wait it out. mistake . sadly we won 't be back .
0	mediocre food . tasted microwaved . way overpriced and service is minimal at most . i miss matta 's philly cheese steak burrito
0	we been slammed my water on the table and was extremely rude
0	came in here at least 3 times a month for the best margaritas and nachos . taco tuesday was a great deal too . now ... not so much . the taco tuesday deal is 3 for 5 ( chicken and pork only ) instead of 10 for 10 . the shrimp tacos are clearly frozen ( 3 for 7 on tue ) . better deals at long john silvers . the award winning margaritas are now mostly mixer . we had to add a shot to make them normal . all of the best bartenders and servers are gone now . management change ? who knows why this nose dive happened . very disappointed and not sure when we will be back
0	don 't trust what you put in your mouth here . i think management needs to reevaluate their staff .
0	i came in today ordered togo for two . the inside was busy and i did not want to take the last clean table to sit and wait . i was attempting to be courteous so i went and sat outside . after about 10 min i go in and ask her if she could have someone get me outside when my food is ready . she proceeded to raise her voice and explain that 's not the way it works here and i needed to hang out and wait for my number to be called . i will not step foot in again or refer any of my customers that are hungry to go there .
0	burger was good but the 20 minute wait was ridiculous ... we were in the drive thru and the people in front of us only got a small bag , single burger oder , but it took 20 minutes .... will consider other options next time ...
0	sad it used to be really good , don 't know if they changed owners or cooks or what but this is the second time in a row that the cheesesteak was burnt and super greasy . i took 2 bites and threw it away . waste of money !
0	burnt coffee and a rude ( what i am guessing is a manager ) woman who spoke in spanish to insult me for no reason to another staff member , well sweetheart i guess because my skin is white you can 't tell who understands spanish and who doesn 't ... i 'm mixed you burra next time if you want to be rude you make sure and do it after the customer leaves ... estúpida
0	these guys gave me a virus and now i can 't even move . disgusting to even think how i got the virus but definitely positive it is from the food . it was the last thing i ate and the only thing i ate in the past 14 hours , have not been able to leave the bathroom for about 3 now .
0	come on , its arizona , there 's plenty of better places to get your burrito fix ...
0	the customer service is poor and we personally found that while dining in , the chefs and cashier were overly loud . making it very difficult to converse . i do not see myself returning in the future .
0	rice , guac , etc spilling everywhere made it borderline inedible . i had to wipe down the outside of the burrito with napkins to be able to hold it without getting my hands all dirty . it is so simple to make a good quality burrito and being incompetent at wrapping it basically ruins the experience . line moved suuuuuper slow too . avoid this location .
0	overpriced . barely any meat , choke full of rice ... for $ 12 , plus tax , plus tip = $ 16 . for rice wrapped in tortilla ? no thanks .
0	burrito tasty but wet. literally a super wet liquid mess. maybe it was from the pinto beans .
0	restaurant was clean . pop was cold . nice atmosphere . decorated well . staff are friendly but don 't check well on customer heat levels .
0	i requested light chorizo yet it was so overloaded i couldn 't see or taste the egg . wondering why they say they will make it with light chorizo and yet they never do . i 'd prefer you mention up front if there is no possibility in decreasing the amount used ..... this prevents setting one up for disappointment .
0	$ 15 for a " super " burrito and a water - the burrito was the size of a taco bell 7 layer burrito . sour cream and guac ? ? ? though ordered , they must have run through this burrito in track shoes because those ingredients were outta there . ya feel me ? ?
0	i love the food , drinks , location and vibe but i 'm giving up after being a regular customer for 3 months ! it 's gross . tables are sticky , railings and fixtures are covered in a thick layer of dust , the floors and stairs look like they have never been swept much less mopped . swarms of fruit flies around the dish return and trash cans . today the flies drove me to the competition and i won 't be back .
0	rip off . they were overly nice until i made them charge me the menu price
0	had two cerviche tacos , chile relliano .. rice beans .. $ 35.00 .
0	their prices are misleading ! they don 't have a menu with pictures to know what you mr paying for . i got 3 small ass tacos and a drink " they called a special " for $ 7.79 ! and a credit card fee of .50 $ so , with a small ass taco and small size drink all came to $ 8.92 ! should went to del taco and get a fiesta pack for less and more food ! oh ! also , they should add rice and beans to the order for the price your getting for . overall ! telling all friends and family not to attend any your restaurant . roberts is better ! !
0	you have managers serving food without proper attire . managers talking down to employees in front of customers . over charging for your orders . not to mention the hour long wait to get your food . management needs to be reviewed , and you might want to get a new set of employees .
0	the chicken was dry , beans not seasoned at all and mac and cheese was watery . don 't waste your time with this place !
0	the bathroom was backed up and all over the mats . that set the tone of my experience there
0	i would have had better nachos at a run down tweeker 7 / 11 . i am pretty sure i just gave myself food poisoning . i am from el paso and i know good mexican food and this is far from it . none of the cheese was melted and they used can nacho cheese also .. you can totally tell the pulled everything out of a can .
0	very rude workers and even worse prices . the lady working saturday is the worst clerk i 've ever met .
0	food tasted terrible and the service was cold and impersonal . two of the four people in our group ended up vomiting when they got home . i would not recommend this place to my worst enemy .
0	an hour wait for food . chips lacked salt , salsa was bland and the iced tea was warm . no drink refills and no apologies when we finally demanded to go boxes . terrible , terrible food and completely overpriced . yuck . just yuck .
0	the serving was 1 / 4 of what i get at other places.i got more meat in high school and i was a nerd and a loner . it was so flat i thought it was an asian ass ! it seemed like michelle obama ate my nachos and i got the left overs . i would show pictures but i finished them by the time i got done writing this review . i was hungry don 't judge ! i will never go back to this filibertos again . i 'd rather drive 10 miles further to robertos . i would write more but but i 'm gonna go look for some more food .
0	many mexican places in town are half the price for the same items . yes it is gorgeous but still not worth the price . go to michoacán and save the money .
0	i 've had better service at burger king drive thru . host k , this was our first and last time at this establishment . i felt like i was an inconvenience and was being rushed while trying to order . keep in my this was my family 's 1st time . please don 't tap you nails or sigh deeply when people are right in front of you . it 's rude !
0	there is clearly a management problem , all of the employees had an attitude that said they were trying to do as little as possible .
0	i could have easily went to a sit down mexican restaurant and been served quicker . half an hour later and still at the window waiting on my food . would have left a lot earlier but at a certain point you say " well i waited this long . " they need to get this place fixed !
0	average wait time per car in the drive thru at lunch ours is over five minutes . i had three cars in front of me and waited nearly 20 minutes , ridiculous ! . it 's always the same older indian lady at the window and she clearly gets flustered any time the have a few cars in the line . hire new staff !
0	i sat in the drive thru for 15 minutes ! wish i could say it was just this one time but this is the second time .
0	chips were stale and the sopes are horrible ! ! ! save yourself the $ $ $ and go to tacos el gordo instead ! ! ! !
0	did an online order had to wait forever . no one seemed to know what to do with themselves .
0	when i go to chipotle i always order a chicken burrito with peppers and hot salsa . you would think that it would be common sense not to drown someone 's burrito in salsa especially when it is their hottest flavor . if that is common sense , then the asian lady working their obviously has none . i was flabbergasted when watching them make my burrito to say the least . when watching them roll my burrito salsa was actually squirting out of the shell ! how is that of high enough quality to serve to a customer . this was my first time visiting this location and i am in every way never going again .
0	skimpy portions . soggy pico de gallo , brown guacamole . incorrect orders with pathetic apologies from a manager who seems to be a french fry or 2 short of a happy meal . i will not be patronizing this chipotle ever again . in short ? they blow . suck . don 't go . go to in-n-out or cane 's . don 't waste your money here . you might get sick . if i could give 0 stars that 's what i would do .
0	they are regularly out of ingredients . i stopped in at 11 : 15 ( they open at 11 ) and they were out of cheese . already ? obviously poor planning in management . also , customer service and portions are very unpredictable . workers seem annoyed that you are there . i work across the street so i 've experienced all of this numerous times . disappointed and has caused me to loose my craving for chipotle . not worth it .
0	on more than one occasion the employees have been extremely rude . they are constantly running out of items that should be prepped and ready for busy hours of the day . i 've also noticed their portions are substantially smaller than other chipotles i 've been too . i absolutely love chipotle but not pleased with this location .
0	i would rather drive to california for a decent taco and customer service .
0	a word to the wise stay away from this high school employed location especially an hour before closing time when all they care about is cleaning up and going home and you get old food . shame on you chipotle !
0	by far the worst don taco place i been to never will i ever go back to this place so lets start where the fd up # 1 i ordered carne asada fries and extra meat and cheese what i got was not extra meat and no extra cheese i opened the box to only see only a handful of food i can littearly hold the fries i got in one hand very disappointing i ended up giving food to dog # 2 there slasa was so watered down just disgusting never will go back to these place again inside was dirty one counter guy and a line full cars so they rush to make ur food se pasan de verga
0	terrible customer service and so very slow . no matter what time or day , i 'm waiting for at least 15 minutes . for a bagel ! ! the employees are dirty and dingy and even the store manager wears her hair down and hanging over the food as she makes it , disgusting . it 's a shame this is the only einsteins near me , i love the other locations , this one is hands down the worst .
0	the meat was overcooked . the place dirty and the customer service a joke . would not recommend this place . recommend the one on sahara . unfortunately the on trop has closed . stay away from this location .
0	we walk in and aren 't greeted by anyone and the place is a complete mess ! the employees are just hanging around talking . we realize that there isn 't very much of anything left , being that it was 8pm we figured they would be bringing out more , but nope . we asked the employee and she said they aren 't making anymore food and suggest we go somewhere else . she then looked at my boyfriend and said " she 's too pretty to eat here just take her somewhere else " the girls behind the counter were extremely rude and unprofessional .
0	my husband and i have been coming for years . i was shocked to see one of the managers named lauren wrote her number on one of the receipts when my husband took our kids to eat . i hope they find better employees .
0	they don 't accept credit , charge to use your debit card , and is always dirty . not to mention the rude staff and homeless that loiter outside . avoid at all costs .
0	you can never go here and get your order made right ! we go to this one because it 's 5 minutes from the house but i 'm officially boycotting it . del taco across the street is what it 'll have to be on lazy days i don 't feel like cooking for the kids .
0	it only gets the 2nd star because the service was decent probably due to being one of three people in here . the salsa had no flavor and looked like vomit . tried to doctor it with their hot sauce to no avail . chicken enchilada tasted like bumblebee tuna drenched in ranchero sauce that tasted like tomato soup with a touch of hot sauce . steak burrito had no flavor and was the size of a taco . rice and beans are the same the burrito ... no flavor ! as i received the bill an ant crawled across the table ! awful place ! awful experience !
0	not much flavor , runny beans , gross appearance and taste . i won 't go back . wondering how it 's stayed in business for so long . there are many other mexican restaurants in town . try them instead of this one ! ! best mexican the canadians have ever had , maybe . one word review . yuck ?
0	ordered four items , two of the items were wrong . order a chicken chimichanga and got beef . ordered a breakfast burrito and got something else ...... not sure what ! tried to call the number on the receipt numerous times to let them know and get replacements and no one answers the phone ! terrible service !
0	the horchata was too watered down . the pupusas weren 't fully cooked and slow service
0	don 't bother placing an order online . you 'll end up standing around the counter for 30 minutes while they keep forgetting to make your order . unbelievable and unacceptable .
0	they literally wanted to charge me $ 4.99 for their version of fried ice cream ... it was cornflakes ( some soggy ) sprinkled on top 1 scoop of ice cream ? ? ? ? ? it wasn 't fried at all . do not waste your money here . wow
0	waited 25 minutes in the drive thru line , paid and was asked if i wanted sauce then had to wait longer still . i had to ask for sauce tho i was asked when i gave my money . no napkins either . i will never return to this location and will recommend others don 't either .
0	we had to wait around 23 minutes in order for us to get our order through the drive-through . this will be the only and last time that i ever come to this location .
0	i sat at the table for 43 minutes before anyone acknowledged me , and that was only after a friend complained about the service . the manager was rude ... i 've had better service at taco bell ! will never return , and will tell everyone with a pulse to avoid this place ! ! ! i would have ordered food , but since it took almost 45 minutes to get a drink ... i didn 't bother and left for a place more customer friendly
0	) who 's calls here self a manager while playing behind the counter with some guy spraying body spray all over him while people are eating 2 feet in front of her . and since we interrupted her play time we got all her attitude & even with her shitt face we still tried to order and even there food was bad so over cooked ! ! meat tasted like it was a few days old ! just disgusting ! ! definitely a big disappointment . ratings on this place should be a big f ! !
0	service is slower then molasses , crew spends more time talking amongst themselves then working on orders and they 're always out of something .
0	over all . poor dining experience . don 't waste your time .. can you take away stars . ? no never mind they don 't have any .
0	this is american mexican food there 's a difference . i came here because my mom enjoys this type of food verses the real thing and it was her birthday so i had to please her . she liked it . i hated it . i ordered the shrimp tacos ...... disgusting . they use frozen shrimp and you can taste it . the corn tortillas they came on tasted like cardboard and then of coarse they added a tartar sauce which is watered down and gross as well . i will not ever eat here again .
0	expensive . bad food . bad service . great atmosphere . good location . i 'm sorta sad this place didn 't burn down when the restaurant next door burnt down . it is a shame because that next door restaurant was better in every single way except atmosphere .
0	ugh , dirty , unfriendly and no smells of good food ! i will never return , not even to a cali location ! i messaged restaurant about our miserable treatment , apparently they don 't respond ! fillbertos all day , every day over this place ! ! !
0	food not that great either ... but you go in and the dude at the register looks at you like he wants to fight , i 'd slap the shit outta him if i wasn 't with my fam , you try and decide what you want and he acts impatient . i even looked at the employees in the back and they all look pissed off too ! could be b / c it was 100 degrees outside and their ac wasn 't on . they shouldn 't stay open 24 hrs , this place blows
0	when ordering online , don 't expect your food to be made until you get there . make sure to check it or you will get home and find out your order is wrong !
0	i ordered online , about an hour ahead and the food still wasn 't ready when i arrived . the girl at the order pickup window did not acknowledge me as she was speaking to her boyfriend , and wasn 't until the manager came over that i received any attention . the manager was polite , apologized for the inconvenience and offered me a free drink , but i won 't be back .
0	for over a year now , either the drink machines have been broken , or staff is too lazy to refill them . ( i 'm inclined to go with the latter . ) on our last visit , we ordered a steak quesadilla . three ingredients . i 'll let you take a guess at which one was missing . while they remade the quesadilla , this is just what 's expected from this location . long wait times , indifferent staff , half of what they advertise that makes them unique unavailable .
0	this location though is absolutely terrible . they hire their employees straight from the gutter . none of them can smile , they all argue at each other in front of customers and are just rude . guy asking if i want rice and beans and he 's already putting them on my salad and gets irritated when i say no rice .. like it 's an inconvenience he jumped ahead of himself on something i didn 't want . if i didn 't love the food so much i would never be back , but luckily for me there are other better locations . this one takes the cake for the worst cafe rio location in vegas .
0	the one star review is based solely on the terrible coustomer service at this location . it seems like there 's no manager on duty . the lady running the register was sitting down talking to other employees . after a few minutes of just standing there i said excuse me can i pay for my meal ? the girl seemed very irritated that she had to come help me . i almost walked out and left the food . i will not be going back here .
0	but this location is absolutely horrible . 9 times out of 10 i will go in and they are either rude , obnoxious , out of things , or just slow . i keep going to it because i live in the area and i hope it gets better . but it hasn 't . it needs new management and a completely new staff .
0	go ahead , i 'll wait ... oh wait , you can 't find it because it doesn 't freakin exist . so why the hell is your barbacoa sweet ? ! the food is garbage , the service is garbage , cafe rio is garbage . just go dumpster diving instead of eating here . yuck . there is nothing else to say .
0	food is lousy and the service was the worst our party have ever had ... talk about slow ... turtles couldve been quicker than the gal that was taking care of us ... the manager who we complained to didnt really care and waitress could only say she was swamped ... hello , , , bring in more people when busy ! fire the manager and re-train waitress " s that cant dish out good service .
0	fries were hard and the carne asada had a weird taste . breakfast burrito was even bland . will never return ! yuck ! !
0	( very bad location , imo . ) the food was positively delicious and accurate of the southern-ca. style of casual mexican food ... edgar , the former owner of " taco loco " in the south side apparently took the lease over and has in the process , raised the price of everything $ 2-3 while at same time , managed to reduce the quality of food . i had high hopes but was very disappointed after trying , recently . ( a couple friends have relayed similar feelings . )
0	tried to get some california style burritos and they were closed 3 hours before they were supposed to close .
0	went in to pick it up hours before our party and was told 1 ) cody had only quoted an estimate , and now it the real price was 50 % higher and 3 contianers less than we ordered . also not ready just after 1pm . took 20 minutes going back and forth with kitchen manager nile who aparantley has no authority to fix issues . we have people coming so we had to walk out with 2 / 5th of my original order . to get through today and will not rest on this farse . i order catering every few months for my company at the norterra location for employee appreciation never been treated like this . not anymore though .
0	told by gentleman to come on down . the manager came over and told us she couldn 't seat us . very unfriendly and rude . if it weren 't for the location this place would be closed . bad attitude !
0	i asked specifically the wait . glenn the cashier / manager informed me only 2 cars . was there in 5 min . over an hour wait and car is still not even in for balancing . glenn is also extremely rude and clearly shows on his face how he feels . his customer service is terrible to say the least . glenn , if you do not want to provide customer service , get a new job !
0	i felt rushed and was talked to as if i was doing them a favor . was so offended that i 'll never eat there or recommend there food to anyone . also food is not great just to mention
0	was told midnight for this location but got there at 11 and they were already closed .
0	called at 5pm on a sunday to place an order and they said they were done talking deliveries for the day .
0	wish if they were running low on everything else they would have mentioned that when i called , think that 's a pretty important thing to mention when someone calls and asks , why else would i be calling if not because i was heading over to pick stuff up . thank you for wasting an hour of my time .
0	then when he over charged us , he said his menu was old and they raised the prices . the food wasn 't anything special either . should have stayed home .
0	why accept calls for orders when we have to wait 20 more mins ? ! ? ! ? ! makes no sense. anyone knows another cheap place for pupusas ? this place just stakes too long for an order .
0	i did not call late , it was 5 pm on a monday . i guess order your tacos on any other day but monday .......
0	got there and was told they don 't have my order . i verified i had called the right one , and apparently they just hadn 't bothered logging my order . fine , mistakes happen . but the guy behind the counter decided to be a jerk about it instead of trying to make it right . last time i eat here .
0	got a cold tortilla with cheese that wasn 't melted . sat down to eat and was chastised by owner for not ordering " for here " on the phone . he told me my soda would cost $ 1 more . i asked why . he said if you take food to go , you fill up once and leave . if you sit and eat , you get free refills . i said , well , it 's not free if it costs a dollar more . won 't come back .
0	waited and additional 15 minutes once i came to pick it up . 35 minutes for a to-go bowl of soup ? ? kept being told it was almost ready as i waited . seriously ? what happened to this place ? so disappointed .
0	was told by cashier that i had to wait in a line that was at least ten people deep . the reason i called it in was to just grab and go . i see no reason to wait behind ten people who haven 't even ordered yet . to just pay and pick up me order that i called in and was waiting for me in the window . i called because again i only have thirty mins for lunch . will never recommend or come back to phatfranks .
0	he says , " all we have is a shrimp burrito . " i say , " well ..... i thought there was garlic shrimp . " he says , " oh yeah , there 's that and the burrito . i agree to the garlic shrimp even though i wanted ranchero . but , david insisted that it doesn 't exist . i get there and see ranchero on the menu . i was totally pissed and the level of customer service was so low that i never return . to add insult to injury , david says he 's the manager . pitiful !
0	employee was rude . got there and they denied having any call-ins .
0	ordered 2 burritos and carne asada fries . they told me it would be ready in 10 min . arrived art 3 : 40 . as i was paying the cashier told cook to make order . it 's now 4pm 30 min late and i 'm waiting for order . there was 4 customers in restaurant when i arrived ... the whole point of calling in order is to eliminate or reduce wait time . ridiculous .
0	arrive 1 day later and was told i didn 't need to come in . smh the manage didn 't even verify my card . he gave me attitude then walked away . i was planning on returning , now not so much .
0	she was not only disrespectful to me but also to others as i could hear her shout in the background . i usually don 't do this but i will be calling corporate for sure . horrible customer service ! ! !
0	the girl i spoke with told me they couldn 't put veggie fajitas into a bean burrito . any mexican restaurant i go to that 's what i get and its never been a problem . she told me she 'd have to ask and when i told her i would wait she paused for 2 seconds and said they can 't do that . she told me i could order a veggie wrap which is just a salad in a spinach tortilla - no thank you ! if i wanted that i would have asked for that . i ended up getting what i wanted at caramba 's fresh mexican food .
0	a carne asada burrito doesn 't take 1 / 2 hr , especially when delivery is less than a quarter block . unacceptable , i cancelled the order . don 't waste your time ordering from them , there 's better mexican places .
0	he is hispanic . well , the girl that answered had no clue , not only that she said she didn 't know if they had them . really ? you 're turning down nicely damn clown ! oh well , i guess my teacher will get another gift certificate . i ended up buying a gift card to bj 's ! ! they loved it ! ! ! toodles
0	called to place a pick up order for 4 tacos , the total was $ 16 and change , tacos shouldn 't cost that much , you need to lower your prices
0	was told to " wait one minute , " which led to 15 + minutes . i drove to the restaurant , still on hold , walked in and saw the phone sitting on the counter . told them i was still on hold with them and they picked up the phone and ended the call . didn 't seem to care ... waste of time .
0	called back and they left the phone off the base and there 's a busy tone which means 20 minutes later no customer service . don 't call in to put a order .
0	this food just doesn 't taste good .. and there was an eyelash in my queso .. kind of unsettling .
0	while i was eating my beans i suddenly saw a screw and asked the lady that worked there . they had the guts to get mad and thought i sabotaged my fave food that i always order . they seem to not care when i talked to them about the issue . i feel like the health inspector should be checking this place . i didn 't get to take a picture since my friend went and grabbed it away from me to talk to the manager .
0	are you people dumb or what ? ? ? ? these are the most terrible tacos i have ever tried in my life ! taco bell tacos are better than this ! by the time you pay they are super cold .. why is it always so packed ? ? ! ! i do not understand you las vegas people : /
0	no steak . my husband doesn 't eat any of their meats except the steak . we were told we could wait twenty minutes for them to make more . there was enough " left " to make one scrawny taco that cost five dollars for steak , cheese , and sour cream . unacceptable . we won 't be back unless something seriously improves .
0	hope to try it , but closing when all are off work ... to be continued . okay , we went back to try it , got a little of everything and honestly it wasn 't that good . i was sad that there was hardly any filling in any of the tamales . oh well , we won 't go back ( which makes me sad because i love to support the mom and pop shops ! )
0	they said they didn 't have any , he showed me they cleaned the station . they close at 10pm . lazy employees , trying to cut corners .
0	you 're suppose to be open until 10pm ... clearly this is not the case . this is terribly customer service ! i will never be coming back .
0	service is awful . the waitress could careless about guest unless your a single guy or guys . i ordered a torta and she said it came with rice and beans and it did not . not to mention it tasted awful i couldn 't even eat it . ten bucks of nothing . than you order chips salsa and gauc for nine bucks ya not worth it . my husbands buger was fine but he was so upset i was unhappy he didn 't want to eat . over all wouldnt recommend unless you like bad service or hey if your a single man who wants a fourty your old woman to give you a lot of attention .
0	i won 't be back , too bad i was hoping for a good option close to work .
0	customer service is still great , but the quality of the food is not good when you take it to go . i understand it 's due to the lard they use to cook. but it just doesn 't hold up well . i got the california burrito , asada fries and two tacos . i did see the owner getting very upset with everybody that rated them one star and i hope he doesn 't freak out on me and just take this as something to work on . this place could be great but came up short ..
0	their happy hour food . not great and over priced for what you get ! ! plus kids meals are way too expensive if you ask me .. never again ! !
0	they said it was a mistake and would not honor it . they did give a 10 % off but it was less than half what it should have been . i got the carne asada burrito . it was big and looked great at first . it would have been very good except the steak was overcooked and dry . my fiancé got beef tacos which were fried too long so the beef was like jerky . my son got the chicken enchiladas which he said were alright but not great . the salsa was the best part . not a place we will return to .
0	came by here today to try this place and they were closed 2 hours before posted time .
0	we waited in the drive thru for 25 minutes for pozole ! they didn 't even come to check in and say hey it 'll be a few more or have any decency instead they were rude and ignored us , i would of left if they didn 't have my debit card . their customer service is garbage even under new management . they didn 't even greet us they just said the total and stuck their hand out for payment . do no recommend this place to anyone their food isn 't worth the disrespect .
0	food service was terribly slow at the bar but the food was good . i would give the food 4 stars but service at the bar is awful .
0	total bust . got the tostada salad and the quesadilla . not exaggerating here- it was gross . the lettuce was wilted and brown and soaked in dressig . the quesadilla was supposed to have a bunch of fajita veggies including roasted corn and it was just filled with undercooked onions . the waitress was constantly trying to up-sell us . the one star is for the chips , which were delicious . other than that , it was a bad and overpriced experience .
0	not sure how this place got so many good reviews . the salsa was terrible ! a good mexican restaurant should always start off with good homemade salsa and chips , apparently not this place : / my ice tea was nasty , and my plate was a bit too salty . this place is not your authentic mexican food . service was prompt but that 's about it . should 've had a burger instead else where .
0	came here 2 years ago , they had just opened for the day we walked in and 3 people in the back seen us come in , not one came up to greet us , after one minute we walked out tried again yesterday and the same thing , wtf , go up the street to the real one , i hope these two aren 't related
0	was visiting from chicago and paid to park to try this top rated spot and was super disappointed .
0	food was good but service left me a bad taste for this restaurant .
0	we had been told they had good food & drinks . i should have checked the reviews - my bad . this place blows ! the service was nearly nonexistent , the salsa was bland , the servings were tiny , but at least the chips were stale ...
0	all the lights were off , so i was sketched out about stopping by , even though the hours are " 24 / 7 . " proceeded to the drive thru and was actually greeted with a " can i take your order " in broken english . i made my simple burrito order , moved on to the pay / pick up window . waited for about 20 mins and no body responded or showed up . sooooo , disappointing , since filiberto 's is supposed to be a 24 / hr mexican food place , which i usually enjoy . i won 't be spending my hard earned mula here anymore . take it from me , this location is a joke ..
0	it is 8 am in the morning on weekday , one cashier working and there are over 20 people in the line . are you kidding me ? ! avoid !
0	we talked a lot about shawarmas so we decided to check this place out after seeing their sign . that $ 9.99 for 2 shawarma deal is lunch only . normal price is $ 6 each . chicken was meh . and the guy was very stingy with the meat . not worth it at all . i ordered samousas afterwards ( 2 for $ 3.50 ) and those were meh too . cheap ? more like a rip off . i have had cheaper and tastier shawarmas before .
0	next time im in brampton ill try not to eat a burrito especially at burrio boys and wait till i get back to cali
0	have to to say it was just awful and dry . no flavour , didn 't look appealing and tastes of nothing ! started eating our burritos and nether of us could take more than two bites . it was disgusting . so we just threw our food away and left . i think the only good thing i can say about this place is if you are vegetarian you have more choices here. and it was expensive $ 13 ....
0	well someone saw us , but quickly walked away and never came up to the window . needles to say , we drove off without food . good thing too , we found some great food at la pasadita hot dogs !
0	but closed early tonight . not one person told us that the kitchen was closing . while every table around us got food . manager straight lied and said he touched every table to inform them , we must have missed that ....
0	i don 't mind a good late night filibertos run but yuck this was yucky . the rolled tacos were and always are stale and they taste like the oil in the machine needs to be changed . i used to work in a kitchen and i can tell . place is dirty and old . never coming to this location again , and it smelled inside and out .
0	i ordered a burrito and some tacos and pretty much had to force myself to finish it . the chips that came with my meal were the only enjoyable part !
0	this place is like a copy cat of chipotle but with much less flavor and all the fixings are extra . will not be going back .
0	i paid $ 12 for a carne asada combination plate and the meat resembles dog food . i admit the salsa is ok but a burrito from a gas station would have been about as satisfying as this meal . there are much better options in the area than this !
0	.. but me and my husband were totally disappointed we both got soggy tostadas . the ceviche had no flavor . oh and we had our son with us the server didn 't even ask if we wanted a drink for him . just bad service and food . first and last time going .
0	same bad service . never again . this place seems to rely on its popularity without concentrating on customer service .
0	came here for 2 bowls .. what a shame .. i kept asking for extra and he wouldn 't give it to me and just ignored me .. then got annoyed when i told him if he can add extra steak ... the bowls were so small not like a regular chipotle .. waste of money and time ... don 't get annoyed at people when your suppose to do a simple job .
0	first started off with waiting 20 mins for stale chips , that came in paper bag and salsa that tastes like tomato purée . then watched our $ 18 chicken burritos sit on the tray outside the kitchen for 10 mins , brought to us , chicken cold . waitress never checked on us . nasty food . major mistake . will never recommend this restaurant to anyone one ! no star worthy .
0	what was advertised as being $ 5.65 came out it $ 8 when i told them no guac just meat and cheese . i save them avocado money only to be charged over $ 2 for cheese ... makes sense right ? they now charge 50 cents to use a credit card even though i spent $ 15 . also get it to go it 's disguising inside .
0	unfortunately , there are no real vegan options . even the beans are made with dairy . the rest of the family seemed to enjoy the food , but vegans should come prepared to starve .
0	hours said ther open till 00 : 01 ? makes no sense but online said ther . open till 11 : 00pm we arrived at 10 : 34 waited at the voice box for five minutes drove up to the window and was ushered away by the window guy saying they were closed very disappointed in the customer service and the nonchalant gesture that was given to us to go away
0	ordered fajitas for 2 and instead of getting sizzling strips of chicken , steak , chorizo , etc. we got flavorless chunks of mystery meat that were indistinguishable from each other . you can get better fajitas at a chili 's and pay less . the service was below par and we always had to chase down the waitress . this place has really declined as it used to be our favorite mexican place and is now , well , just a place .
0	foolish me , taco tuesday , party night . found seats at the bar . $ 5 pacificos , not $ 2 as advertised . the dj was in the house and miley cyrus was on and loud . no fish tacos on the menu , will not return .
0	that should have told me something . nothing looked good on the menu but ordered anyways . wrong , returned my food but lost my appetite by then and didn 't want to try anything else . fyi , our food came out about 5 min after we ordered . i don 't think they actually cook it . must have been microwaved or in my case scooped out of the fridge . good luck if you want to try it .
0	i love shwarmas like everyone else , but there were flies pitching on the food and no one seemed to care , the toppings looked dried out and withered , very old looking . i walked out without ordering , i just couldn 't . area is sketchy as f too ( but this doesn 't usually bug me if there 's good food ) sorry i didn 't give it a try ? -no regrets .
0	what can i say other then i most likely wouldn 't return . food was bland nothing special . pancake was burned on the bottom , " chilaquiles verdes " were gross not authentic at all . ordered over easy eggs came out cooked through the middle . fake canned refried beans that ' the waitress said " they made fresh " which was bs i come from a mexican family and i know when i taste real frijoles those were def not fresh . anyways service was fine no complaints on that just would not recommend this spot to anyone . it was pretty empty too . we originally were supposed to go to tacos el gordo but it was packed so we just came here .
0	server didn 't know the menu items , service was very slow . tried to waive the server down to order a beer and she ignored me . had to go to the bar the server walked by and tried to let her know and she ignored it . got the beer from the bar . food was ok . needless to say we will not return .
0	got 2 egg burritos , 2 bean cheese 1 / 2lb burritos and bun taco . the flour torts were dry and hard one cracked while biting into and sauce squirted out all over shirt . the bean burritos were not 1 / 2 lb and hardly any cheese and the bun taco the bun was dry and hard / crumbly and the meat tasted old ! ! ! no reason for this on the food they werent even busy ! ! i will second guess before coming to this location again . this is the second time this has happened and all that is said to us is oh ..
0	it has now been 55 minutes and there are still 4 people in front of us . we never would have stayed this long if we knew the true wait time .
0	in summary : value just not realized . sat outside with heaters and christmas music which was the highlight of the visit . food and drink way over priced . for a place with the name of tqla , i would hope to taste it in the $ 10 margaritas . we will be back for a happy hour .... maybe. never again for dinner . pass .
0	completely rude staff and terrible , terrible food . will never go back again .
0	had the carne asada burrito and i was not impressed at all . firts if you are going to classify the meat as " asada " it can 't be boiled . well after this experience i don 't care to try anything else here . don 't know what they hype is about . it 's not that complicated to make decent food . all four people in my lunch group agreed , bad choice . we should have just did sushi .
0	was told they don 't have salsa ( what ? ) . waited 15 minutes . then were told they didn 't have the ingredients for one of the burritos . changed the order to a chili relleno burrito , waited for another 15 minutes . got chili relleno but no burrito . and definitely paid for the burrito . have given this place many chances but have never been satisfied and won 't be giving them another chance .
0	had a horrible time . service was slow and the food was bland and cold . never coming again .
0	i would never go back . we felt completely like we were a nuisance to the one waitress working . mind you we were the only ones in the restaurant . it took 15 minutes to get her attention that we were ready to order . the chips ( though free ) were stale and too thick . the burrito ( though large ) was doughy and the fillings were not high quality . very disappointing experience .
0	my experience was so bad they comped my meal without me complaining whatsoever ( slow service , wrong food , excessive time ) . fox restaurants tend to not be very good ( in my experience ) and should be avoided if another option is available .
0	saw the lunch menu n ordered the enchiladas special . the menu advertising the specials clearly shows it comes w sour cream . the cashier and manager argued w me that it was wrong and 2 oz of sour cream is $ 2 more . no , ur sign says its included ! ! ! manager would not honor it or own her mistake . sorry customer service as we all know that if u advertise something , u are to honor it . i 'm gonna go ahead n judge here becuz this place was empty at noon at lunch time . so im assuming food sucks too . carolinas on country club was packed ! ! ! think i 'll go w carolinas next time !
0	long wait for a server to come get our drink order . ordered the shrimp salad , but the restaurant ran out of shrimp ( i 've been pescatarian 3 years now ) . ordered it without the shrimp . waited 25 minutes for my food . salad looked like it been sloppily thrown together , and the avocado " dressing " was just smashed up avocado . very disappointed , because i have been here multiple times for brunch , and food was delicious .
0	i asked for a water cup with my meal and received a major attitude . the store manager was degrading her workers in front of all of the customers . i won 't be coming back here ever again .
0	this place is boarded up and closed . hopefully another mexican restaurant will open here .
0	the patio is nice so we decided to stay . after waiting thirty minutes and seeing open tables around , we asked the hostess if she had an estimate on wait time . she said she was seating a party of two and we were next . we waited 20 more minutes and watched her seat a different table of four , and watched many other groups walk in and just take tables ( i 'm assuming they were regulars ) . very disorganized , we finally got fed up and just left . the menu was so promising i was sad to miss out ! i 'd like to try again but i really don 't want to put up with that service .
0	we had the chicken kabob which came with salad and rice . i would just recommend waiting in line for tacos at tacos el gordo .
0	it was my first time and there was a hair in one of my tacos , i couldn 't eat it . i was so disgusted .
0	i came today again to eat here and toke my friend with me-total disaster ! ! ! ! chicken was dry like hell i had to spit it out of my mouth 2 times for each taco ( i order 3 of them ) .the steak was very chewy ! ! that 's all i done with this place !
0	i order a combo fish taco and fries . i didn 't get the fish taco or the fries . got something else and no fries . took them close to 30 minutes to give me the wrong order . not coming here angain . if i could give no stars i would . now i 'm just hungry after that little bit of food i got . not worth it .
0	will never go back . long lines , huge wait , miserable employees and i swear it was 100 degrees in there . the place was absolutely filthy . tables were not wiped down , garbage overflowing , windows were gross . the food was just " okay , " for the money i expected better . rice was under cooked .
0	i ordered ceviche and everyone 's plate came out except mine . waited and waited finally cancelled my order . won 't be back to this place ! ! ! ! !
0	i got the chicken quesadilla and the chicken was burnt . i ordered a side of rice it was $ 2 and got about 2 bites . it was way over priced . flavor was very blan .
0	got the food and was excited . my kids cheese enchiladas were ice cold . my husbands burrito was way to greasy and had nothing going for him . the nachos were a joke . chips with melted cheese . that 's it . no tomatoes no nothing . the only thing that was decent was the big cheese crisp that was still dry yet pretty good and if you were to get it then i recommend guacamole because it was very dry . very disappointed .
0	" however all the lights were off and a young man was parked at the open drive through window with his window down as well . i stayed there for ten minutes hoping the young lady would be polite enough to stay open for the hours posted but she did not .
0	came here last night i would not recommend coming here i waited 20 minutes for my order and i end up getting sick don 't come here
0	there was no line and now i know why . the food was awful , the portions were small , and the employees were talking about the customers in spanish ( i know because i 'm fluent ) ! i 'd give this place negative stars if i could . needless to say , i will not be back .
0	it was nothing but utter disappointment ; tried to give it a shot again and this place has gone to the dogs . we left after an hour with no meal served , 2 flat drinks , horrendous service , no decency of filling up the complimentary chips since we were waiting . saw two similar poorly served customers leaving as well . to top it all the place was not even half full . this lonestar location sucks , please avoid it like the plague .
0	cheap food ever . came here because i made a promise and it was a dare .
0	both of us left behind 2 full plates of food because it was so gross . i was most surprised that the waiter didn 't ask why he was throwing away so much food . he had the queue to say " is everything okay ? " but he didn 't ( which is poor service , if you ask me ) . i let her choose the restaurant but i knew 100 % it would be gross because barrio café is also no bueno . overrated . at least the restaurants are consistent . i hate nothing more than wasting food and money . the relationship didn 't work out and neither did this restaurant . i would choose taco bell before this place any day .
0	this is not even close to traditional mexican food . the food is like it came out of a freezer and microwaved . i could of done it myself at home for cheaper . it 's a really shady place , and looks dirty . menu is not worth the time reading , the portions are smaller then my iphone . i would not bring kids , yourself , or a bad date your trying to ditch . it 's not a place you wanna go eat , avoid it at all costs and spend your money somewhere else .
0	gave me the wrong order of enchiladas which were basically wet tacos . customer service was terrible and everything i ordered was half-assed . flautas de pollo and tacos de asada were dry and flavorless . stick to the 16th location and avoid this one . food is unsatisfactory .
0	over priced , took a while , questionable on how authentic it really is . the " queso dip " had just about every ingredient except queso , and it was one of the primary reasons we wanted to check this place out , but 0 / 6 people enjoyed it . the tacos were mini tacos at full price with 3 ingredients . don 't get the rave about this place what 's so ever ! limited parking , quaint restaurant . didn 't try any , but wide selection of tequila .
0	came here on a saturday around 5 pm , place is clean , wasn 't too packed , i ordered a taco plate and it looked like a giant salad , tacos were all lettuce , chicken had no taste , tasted bland .... wake up guys for 15.95 your selling a mexican chicken salad .. not impressed
0	however , that is no excuse to have your food arrive over an hour after you order it . the food is mediocre at best and is a sad excuse for mexican food . arizona is a great place for mexican food and the spotted donkey definitely missed that mark . the only thing good about this place are the mints which you can grab freely at the hostess counter . i grabbed about 20 mints to be able to feel better about spending my money at this place . i 'm hoping that i won 't be spending my night shitting my brains out . wish me luck !
0	server was very slow & wasn 't very attentive . the food service was also soooo slow ! our food took almost 40 minutes . probably won 't be back .
0	all the food is bland , the bar is okay though. if you want to drink and eat nachos go here , if you 're looking to dine , don 't even bother .
0	they came in , dixie.cups. , waited about 10 min to be seated , and the restaurant was not even half full. the tables were disgustingly dirty and service was slow
0	came here one afternoon with my mom and sister it wasn 't what i expected at all food was horrible service from the manger was horrible as well my mom had to take her food back 3 times
0	i waited in the drive thru for no less than 20 minutes . the last five minutes of waiting took place after i had finally paid . too slow ! ! ! you would think in all that time i would get my meal the way i asked , without lettuce . but they actually went and put extra lettuce . so rediculous . never had problems at this fili b 's before until today . not going back .
0	one of the employees had to make an asshole comment complaining about us ordering too much food and being a fatass .. i 'm sorry but look at your pathetic self ? working at taco bell + having a horrible attitude ... i was just trying to get a quick snack for the fam .
0	asked for one taco which was cheaper as i wasn 't very hungry and my boyfriend ordered two tacos . we both got two tacos . boyfriend ordered a lemonade which the waitress forgot about . when he asked for the second time , it came . paid the bill but did not tip as well since she messed up the order and didn 't bring the drink right away . on the 16th i checked my bank account and found that the waitress tipped herself an extra $ 2.00 . not happy . normally the food and service are okay , but taking my money is not okay .
0	once every thing was out we all agreed the food was very bland and was lacking seasoning . for $ 20 roughly per plate the food was very average and informed the hotel that of this experience .
0	i ended up sending the gorditas back as they were not at all flavorful or good ! this place is a disappoint and not worth your time / palette !
0	they had friends hanging out at the drive thru socializing but when we walked up and asked why they were closed they all started speaking in spanish then shook their heads and said ' closed ' . we asked if it was because they were out of food and they didn 't respond . we walked all the way there for nothing . will not return .
0	came here , seated ourselves , waited 10m , saw that no one else had food , and since no one had come by went and found a waitress and were told it would be over an hour before we would get food ( this was at 8 : 30 on a thursday ) and so we left .
0	ordered a tostada and it was soggy by the time it got to my table . for this kind of food it 's nothing i can 't make at home .
0	he said they were waiting on " some inspector to show up first " and that he had no idea when he would come . persistent , i stuck around the mall for a while and went back to check at 12 . still wasn 't opened . i was highly disappointed and left .
0	the food was great as always as always . unfortunately we didn 't get the awesome serve we are is to . the waiter was just too inattentive drinks took to long each time as we wanted and watched them sitting at the well for 10 min .
0	came here to have a few hard shell tacos and a cold drink today .... not to be hustled for some more money by this restaurant .
0	first they didn 't have what i wanted . then i ordered an egg and ham burrito so i can just eat the inside because i 'm on a special diet . what i got was mostly potatoes with an over cooked egg , and ham . needless to say that most of the food went to waste because i can 't eat potatoes . i would have taken it back and asked for them to remake it but it took so long to get our food that i would be late for church if i waited .
0	as i went into the bathroom to wash my hands , i was startled by a dead cockroach lying on the floor . not to mention , the food was terrible . i ordered pupusas , thinking " how could they screw this up ? " well they did , there was absolutely no flavor and the traditional sauce was extremely watered down . moreover , the flies constantly buzzing around and landing on my food didn 't make it any more appetizing ... i would not recommend this place to anyone .
0	the patio was pretty awesome . however we came to eat and they told us they ran out of food because they didn 't realize how busy they would be . i thought she was joking . it probably would have been nice if someone told us this when we got there instead of waiting around . epic fail
0	when i change my order i don 't expect you to tell me i 'm wrong that you told me already how it is . you just accept it and make the customer happy .
0	sat for 45 minutes eating chips , waitresses walked by helping all the tables around us , never acknowled us . so we got up to leave ... all the waiteeses said " have a great night , see you next time . " never even got a cocktail or anything !
0	first time was on a summer night . do not come here when it 's hot , there is no ac . second time , we came and it was half full with several empty seats . both waiters saw us and proceeded to ignore us . when we finally approached them and asked to be be seated , they told us they 'll be right with us , but then started to make new drinks . we didn 't get it since they could of easily pointed us to the many empty seats . one star for service .
0	the server also got my order wrong , as there was a big language barrier . overall , had much better pupusas and service at other local salvadorian restaurants , so i would not recommend this place or return .
0	i told him i 'd be back at my table since he was having trouble with the register . i never saw my card until it was time to pay , and when i asked him where my card was he said he didn 't know and had to look for it . i made sure to check for any fraudulent transactions just in case .
0	have been coming here for years . my step dad alex is friends with eric and phil . we waited for more than 40min to get seated and noticed 2 people got seated ahead of us when they had came minutes after us . we spoke with the manager clark and instead of just saying he would speak with the people who are in charge of seating us , he kept talking back to my step dad . i don 't know what happened to customer service , but it has gone down slowly . very disappointed .
0	no problem getting seated because the place was dead , got our drinks quickly and never saw our server again . plenty of people walked by and tables seated after us got plenty of attention . apparently our use of please and thank you meant we didn 't actually want to eat
0	the fryer was not working so many of the things on the menu were not available . ordered the hummus which was decent . the tomates ajo asado which was bland and too much olive oil . there was only ourselves and one other couple here and the service was terrible . we had to ask for water ( which my water had some type of oil in it ) and the other couple here had to go to the kitchen to ask the waitress for their bill . you know that smell when you go into an old red robin and the seats smell , that 's what it smelled like . i would not recommend going there .
0	the food was decent not the best i 've had a day later my husband and i had food poisoning we had the same thing we shared a botana mixta will not be coming here again ! ! !
0	no so much now . food had no flavor the salsa even was sad . i won 't be back .
0	they saw and heard i wasn 't happy with my soup as i dosnt want the guacamole or pico in it and instead of offering me a new bowl just charged me and didn 't care . i had to reach around the counter and get a cup to get he pico out as i hate tomatoes . they did not care one tiny bit . i usually enjoy this place for quick tasty mexican . 100 % disappointed .
0	in hindsight , after 20 minutes i should of cancelled the order and left . wasn 't offered any water or chips while waiting so i missed all the hospitality everyone else received in these reviews . when the order arrived , i received a smile and a sorry . i have a soft spot to for family owned businesses , but i can 't bring myself to go back after this . in summary : didn 't enjoy my experience the food did not make up for it
0	watched my order sit in the back waiting to be bagged as this bitch handed out everybody else 's order ( including multiple people that came after me ) i asked if that was my order and the cashier gave me a shitty attitude and said yes but they hand them out in the order they 're received . i asked how come she just gave other customers that came after us their food in that case . she just said " that 's how we do it " never going back .
0	i live in la and am used to expecting that there , but this place was half dead . they had
0	when we finally got our drinks , they were very weak and watered down from the start . save yourself the time and hassle and find another restaurant to go to .
0	i realize it was probably a hectic day for the staff , but i sat there for 10 minutes without receiving any attention or service . the bartender was dealing with a rather drunk older gentleman and getting him checked out . she even came out from the bar to talk to him and give him his bill , all while i 'm sitting right next to him waiting patiently for a drink . some other girl was behind the bar auctioning off a glass of wine and seemed lost in space . might give this place another try down the road but come on , 10 minutes ? give me a glass of water or say more than three words to me at least . terrible bartender
0	ordered ceviche thinking it had to be good . the food was terrible . the whole thing was sitting in lemon soup . it was so sour i cousnt eat more than a bite . worst experience ever . will never go back
0	its 12 : 47 and we have not received our food . we walked out . im not paying for my order and never coming back . sucks because the food is great !
0	drove through the drive through first to even see if they were open . they were ! i went inside and they said i was drunk and to get out , refused me service and were very rude . i had not been drinking , i am 19 years of age and was heading to work at target with my uniform on . the manager with the tattoos on her arms said she would call the police if i ever came back because i was " crazy stupid for going through a drive through and deciding to come inside . " i hope this place falls through just because of this incident . i called corp and let them know .
0	moderately busy . 4 people working . one kid was working very hard and super polite . one lady was working steadily , but not friendly . they were on the line . one girl at the cash register was doing nothing else while the other two ran circles around her . would stand there doing nothing for minutes at a time with ten people in line . fourth guy was in the back on his phone . out of guacamole . literally all five salsa bowls were empty . one employee walked up , played with the scoops , scowled and walked away . half an hour later ? still empty . several soda options non-functional . garbage overflowing . no tray to eat in .
0	the hostess , who was leaning over her stand slurping on a drink informed us that they were closed . the sign outsides reads 9 pm as the closing time . she didn 't even have the courtesy to fully stand up to greet us.how rude and sloppy of a presentation . the place must make a killing if they can close 45 minutes early on a saturday . i understand seating the last table at 8 : 45 but 8 : 15 ? why not close at 8 then . horrible customer service and at that point i would rather throw my money at a chain fast food place then try to support a small business .
0	the man behind the counter yelled at us telling us they were closed . out of everything . and was just rude about the situation . i work for tips . and he was rude .
0	i couldn 't believe what was all the hype about . not juicy . teaspoon of guacamole too plain . the hassle for $ 2.50 tacos . the taco trucks in la are better . maybe they 're known for adobada tacos . we assume all tacos were good . left unsatisfied .
0	ordered the " arizona burrito " and some fries . fries came out cold and there was some type of hard plastic in my 1st bite . promptly informed waitress and instead of apologizing or explaining she grabbed the plastic , disappeared and showed up again with a " new " burrito . i told her i wasn 't interested and she stated that these things happen and basically what 's the big deal ? ? ? ! ! ! are you kidding me ? ? ? ! ! ! ! never coming again ! !
0	not sure if it 's old rag smell , but they need to bleach this place bad . breakfast was served cold .
0	cheese dip is watery , chicken on all dishes was flavorless , and orders came out wrong .
0	i am surprised at all the good reviews . my cheese enchiladas were served lukewarm , and the cheese on the inside was still cold and not melted . to make it worse , the enchilada sauce was bland . the black beans were bland . no reason to come back .
0	the chicken fajita salad was as bland as it could possibly be . literally just chicken , lettuce , and a choice of dressing . no peppers , nothing to make it " fajita . " just bland chicken
0	gluten-free ! " without even looking at it . i was starving and had paid , so i did eat it . and was instantly sick as a result . when people ask if something is gluten-free , it isn 't to be a pain it the butt , it 's because we don 't want to end up paying to be sick all day .
0	my recommendation do not come in for vegetarian tacos . if you are omnivorous the . carne asada tacos are fantastic.so this time for lunch with mom very disappointed on the vegetarian side for tacos .
0	i ordered the tamarind margarita it was " ok " table side guac was good but for the price it 's a very small portion . the chips n salsa was weak i 've had much better tasting salsa . it 's pretty bland & watered down for my taste . wong be back . oh & the server forgot to discount our margaritas after introducing margarita monday to us but we told her & she adjusted it . first & last !
0	waited 10 minutes after i asked the second time then left . lost my business .
0	completely disappointed . came hungry and left hungry after a $ 16 lunch . three meatballs that were mushy , tomatoes soup cup was tiny and spicy and olives and one piece of toast . hubby got a shrimp tapas with three shrimp and two slivers of pineapple for $ 13 . i would have looked past the prices maybe if the food was amazing . but the service was very poor . why do people work in a bar but act as if they don 't like people ? very short attitude and unfriendly . when i asked a question it was as if i was bothering her . not coming back . save your money .
0	two customers in front of me were upset at the service . i understand why . these ladies were on their phone , making fun of their customer 's with complaints in clear sight- i had ordered two spicy chicken and they gave me plain . i came up to tell them and they were on their cellphones . lol management where art thou ? unprofessionalism to it 's finest , talking ish in spanish .
0	it was empty . i also asked about the 24 hour service , and the guy says no one comes by after 10pm so they close . half the stuff we asked for wasn 't even available . all the tables were dirty so we took the order to go instead . when we opened the bag at home , the order was incomplete ! frustrating . that 's what i get for trusting the cashier who doesn 't even speak english to get it right. grrrrr .. the young kids at mcdonalds give better service than this place . not coming back here again . i 'll spend my money somewhere else .
0	the staff was unfriendly and gave a sense of rudeness . service was not great
0	the bar tender was horrible ! ! took awhile to get drinks and asked for extra salsa with our chips , it 's been 30 min and still waiting for that extra salsa . took awhile to order a second drink and i seriously wish i just got up and left before doing so . two thumbs down
0	the place wasn 't busy at all and the girl making the food had the biggest problem with serving us . every time we asked for something she rolled her eyes and just generally looked annoyed to be serving us . but the girl who took our order was very pleasant . probably won 't be going back to this location again .
0	there was one customer i finally found sitting outside but no staff anywhere ! i sat there for ten minutes waiting for someone to come over and no one ever did . how to you expect to get business if you 're not even going to be around to serve your customers ? i had never even been there before and now i won 't be coming back
0	tuesday for lunch . let 's hope dinners later in the week are better . it 's too bad . no martini glasses so it came in a champagne flute . took way too long to get our drinks . let me say that again , way too long . we had six tacos between the two of us . mine were tasteless . chicken , beef , steak . the other three were blah . fried fish was terrible . shrimp was ok and grilled fish was ok . tres leches was awful . service blah . no need to return . many better places to go . no wonder they have so many daily specials .
0	they never have it consistently even though it 's on the menu for saturdays . salsas are good and the burritos are okay , but the menudo on the menu for saturday isn 't really available . changed to 1 star when my wife started to clean her dirty cutlery .
0	won 't be going to this low class on the border again . great service in different states though . you can observe the desperation with low qualifications to hire certain people .
0	the cashier was counting down her drawer and barely looked up at us . the cook or manager ( not really sure ) came up and bagged our order and gave us the wrong change back . he corrected himself when i said something but then we got home and the food was also inccorect . not a good experience from start to finish and have had bad experience at this location before . will not go back .
0	was refused service when asked to show documention for her being a service dog ! will not be coming back to contribute money to this place of business that refused me service due to showing documents ! you should teach your employees the laws of what they can and can 't ask for . called to speak to the manager after of which she said the health dept . told employees to ask to see documents of the service dog . of which seems ridiculous , i 'm sure the health dept . knows what you can and can 't ask for and the laws surrounding a service animal .
0	but service was extremely horrible , no flavor at all ! my four friends and i never even got our soups ! the chips were okay . food tasted old and was not good at all . never coming to this place again . authentic food ? not even close .
0	sat at the table for 15 minutes and was never even acknowledged by the wait staff . there were 2 waitresses and 7 occupied tables . i got up and got us menus and still waited . the wait staff waited on the table next to us and never said a word . we got up and walked out after 19 minutes of waiting for a simple hello , that never happened . will not be going back . absolutely horrible service .
0	ate hear because we love , love mexican , however they charge for chips and salsa after 2 baskets , they don 't put cheese dip / sauce on anything without an upcharge . even normal dishes that should have it . because let 's be honest that is the best part about mexican food . the chimichangas and rice where dry . it was also really expensive for mexican . $ 15- $ 20 a plate . not ideal for the mexican food i was served . i 'm not bashing , just trying to help out fellow yelpers .
0	unfortunately after waiting for about twenty minutes , we had the bowl of chips finished off and drinks almost empty , no one had been by to take our food order . they weren 't that busy . we decided not to order after waiting a few minutes longer our waiter finally came by to take our order , i told him just charge us for the drinks and chips so we could go somewhere else . we weren 't charged .
0	i have a severe allergy , when asked why didn 't they mention that ... the waiter seemed to not be concerned and down play it , , said he has the same thing so then why would you not tell someone ! ! i 'm not happy ! !
0	coupon didn 't state that restriction . management made a bad call ... great burger joint that has lost my business .
0	we ordered margaritas and entrees . first off , the margaritas were warm . secondly , the food was sub-par . the nachos we could have made at home , the tacos came out cold and the rest of the food was only okay . the worst part of all is that the total came to $ 225 . nothing memorable about this place . there is a reason it only has two stars . please listen to all the other bad reviews . they know what they 're taking about .
0	large potions however , if you are trying to fatten up . had the jalapeno poppers and shrimp tacos to go . they give you bland chips and salsa too , because mexico .
0	recieved a bottomless chips and salsa . with a rubber band in it . yummy . not really . it was really . pretty nasty . its a shame . because i love this place . but didnt like the treatment the manager gave us . the server was nice . that was the reason for atleast one star . but i dont think i will be coming back . need to work on guest service and compensation . im not talking about $ 2.95 for the chips and salsa . maybe we need a health inspector to come down and check this place out . or a dirty dining channel 13 stop ....
0	which should have tipped me off that something was wrong . my boyfriend and i had the slowest service we 've had in a while . we also ordered the philly appetizer which was decent at best , but a little chewy . i ordered fish tacos which were bland . and the frozen margarita didn 't seem to have hardly any tequila . not worth the $ $ at all .
0	service by the waitress could have been much better even for a $ restaurant . ordered the cebada drink but they did not have any . asked for a glass of water but they only had bottled so i took it . i had carne asada tacos and cabeza . the tortillas for the former were dry and so was the meat . the cabeza was okay and the corn tortillas were made here so it helped although not enough to receive any more then a single star .
0	i called the number and no one answered . they should post up business hours on door and update it on here .
0	we all ordered fish tacos , after waiting 20 minutes we received our tacos in takeout bags ( which we didn 't ask for ) . we opened our containers to find ice cold tacos filled with lettuce ( we had to search to find the fish in them ) . not worth the money , left disappointed . would not recommend
0	charged full price for my $ 6 footlong and didn 't realize it until i drove away ...
0	host was great but service at table was horrible . cheryl our waitress was horrible . worst attitude and very dismissive . good came out cold . had the mahi tacos / steak tacos / brussel sprout and macn cheese . both sets of tacos came out cold . not happy especially for what they charge - you get a single taco for $ 5 during beat the clock time . wow . ripoff ordered drinks and glass came with a very apparent chip in the glass . we are locals and honestly we will most likely never be back here . way too many places on the strip where the i would stay away .
0	plan on at least two hours for dinner and a lot of waiting , and lies about how long until your food arrives . will not be coming back here again- management was notified and didn 't do anything about it either . just claimed they are busy- clearly , but shouldn 't take more than an hour to make tacos .
0	worst over priced dinner i have ever had . canned beans chicken was tasteless and dry . my friends order was dry meat with awful sauce . terrible so bad i couldn 't eat my food .
0	he was upset i couldn 't make an option fast enough , and spoke to me like i was an idiot . speaking so slow like didn 't understand english . lastly when i got my food and left i put my hand in the bag to grab a fry and felt that they didn 't put the lid on my secret sauce and it was all over everything . fried , tacos and burger . gross . never again . it 's sad i like they 're food too since it was my first job in high school
0	n * * * * * this and that every 5 seconds. they didn 't even turn it down when someone walked into the dining room .
0	now i wait for him to respond ... literal dead silence for probably 3 minutes ! then i hear " were you ready to order ? " i then repeat everything ! cashier was nice when i got to the window and apologized . i 'm usually satisfied with the great service here but in the end only to get home and my combo is incorrect ! disappointed in tonight 's service and i 'm a frequent customer : (
0	time is now 6 : 52 and there 's still 2 cars in front of me . bad bad service not the first time that this happens either ..
0	the inside was also closed early while diners were still inside ! ! ! ! rudeness ! ! ! !
0	i asked hostess about server . she acted as didn 't care . wait more ? ? ? ? ? kidding ? ? ? just left ! i can put money to different restaurant who cares !
0	its now 11 am and still not open . i don 't understand what business doesn 't have hours posted .
0	came to get some burritos and i swear the lady and one of the cooks were drinking a corona while working like seriously who does that i took a picture but i don 't really know how to posts picture here
0	then driving all the way home over 10 minutes to find out you can 't even get the order correctly . & you refuse to fix the issue you caused . then you bring out your " head " manager and continue to argue with the customer . i thought the customer was always right , especially since this was your fault . you don 't listen , you rush me out the drive thru . yeah let 's just say this is the worst mcdonalds .
0	my guess is the health inspectors are coming . this place is always disgusting . the staff is rude and act like you are inconveniencing them by being there to order your food . skip this mcdonald 's all together .
0	at least four people that ordered after me received their food first and my order was taken incorrectly .
0	we pulled up to the second window and saw someone behind the counter cleaning and completely ignored us . ended up having to drive to another mcdonalds instead .
0	it clearly states on the window that your food is free if you don 't get a receipt . i called them out on this and they put up a big fight saying that they did give me the receipt , when of course they did not . the food is bomb , but you shouldn 't put this on your window if you aren 't going to honor it . them crisscut fries though !
0	it was the worst ceviche i 've ever had . had absolutely no flavor and soaked in water .. completely over priced for that type of service and flavorless food . i was extremely disappointed . the manager did take off all of our ceviche orders , which was nice . but i won 't be going back there .
0	came to this place after i went to the swap meet with my friends ... not one table was clean no where to sit so i went to the cashier to see if someone can clean a table for us and she said she 'll send someone right away. after waiting 15 minutes for a table finally someone came out to clean it with a very bad attitude ... everything is very over priced and not worth the pay the aguas frescas are not that great very blend taste ... dirty tables dirty floors terrible service overall never coming back i don 't recommend this place to anyone ..
0	what the hell is he doing working here if he doesn 't know what they are selling
0	i came home w my side salad missing and the breast part looked it was cut in half . such a waste of $ 7 .
0	my sunday was not fun because of the experience i received . be wary that the " complimentary " chips and salsa is not . being charged for a salsa refill without any warning was a lovely surprise on the check . what mexican food place has ever charged you for a salsa refill ? ! if you want any sort of service don 't sit on the patio either . we were neglected to say the least and our waitress dropped the check randomly when we were going to order more drinks . terrible reggae playlist .
0	came to this place on a sunday with 8 people , it was a bad experience from the beginning , the waitress seem to be lost with our orders , people on my party had order coffee and it was warm not hot , the waitress took along time to do anything , when our food came out all the orders were cold like if the food had been sitting for a while before the waitress brought it out to us , food was ok not bad at all but for the price and bad service i would rather go somewhere else , we saw people getting up and walk out because they never got any sevice , would not recommend .
0	seriously , only reason we ate anything past the appetizer was bc we were hungry . to start , there 's no denying beans were straight from a can- nasty ! rice was bland and tasted old . tacos all together were no good . seafood tacos : flavors just did not go together at all ! everything else was bland- even the margarita : ( , i left with a stomach ache and let 's just say i 'll never go again . i would 've had a better chance at taco bell .
0	had go get up and physically go ask for a server to give me water , my food got cold because they brought it all the same time . as i am writing this it 's been 20 minutes since i been done eating and no one will get my check . service went down hill here , even from the hostess up front having an attitude about sitting me and my wife down . ( they used to be friendly ) . - update ; a manager ( seemed like a manager , skinny lady with short hair ) came to grab the check and i told her about shitty service and she just ignored it . don 't come here ever .
0	i just left and not really happy with this place they did not even bother to give a discount , not satisfied with their service and not coming back .
0	came with some friends to grab some tacos ... there was only one cook ... said it would take about 15 to 20 min ... one gentleman stood up and said he 's been waiting and the cook started yelling and cursing at the guy ... he was so loud and we ended up leaving and didn 't order anything ... i felt so bad for the man .. it was the worst customer service ever ... very disrespectful
0	1 your actually spending your hard earned money on this place ? ? ? lmao
0	not impressed , and why an open kitchen with greasy walls ? nit appealing .
0	jalapeno burger no lettuce or tomato . the high school flunkies who wonder why they can do any better gave me some burger with guacamole and no jalapenos but it had lettuce and tomato on it . worthless humans wasting valuable resources . i hope they are all sterile and cannot reproduce to end the world of their bloodline and existance .
0	long john silver 's at least has some fish in their fish tacos . will not return . they did try to bring something else . chicken burrito . it was ok at best .
0	salty . zero taste . haven 't felt good in four days since i ate there . stay away
0	we threw our salty food away and hopped over to yogurt land .
0	can i give a 0 star ? ? ? they suck , i tell them no cheese on my tacos and they give me extra cheese ... i can see if it only happened once .. i tried to give them another chance but nope forget them .. i 'll take my money elsewhere .. i 'm allergic .. and then the receipt on top of the taco said no cheese .. i think they do the shit on purpose ..
0	can i give it a 0 star ( were closed ) the bamba bamba big woman said wen we arrived at 3.05 a.m and they closed at 4 a.m what a shit
0	12 : 45 a phone call comes in on valentine 's day . we regret to inform you we can not open due to severe understaffing . at this point do you think i can get another reservation anywhere ? ? ? ? ? thanks fogon for ruining valentine 's day !
0	too many college students , if you want to actually eat , don 't come here ,
0	service was mediocre , at best ; drinks were bland ; food looked like it had been thrown together with no care , whatsoever . yet another crappy restaurant in toronto ... don 't waste your money or time with this place . if you want mexican , head down the street to la carnita for better ... everything !
0	then i receive my margarita ..... it was pure water . this place lacks everything ! taste , authenticity , everything ! ! ! please don 't waste your time . oh and venue sucks too !
0	my wife ordered the carnitas burrito and i had the don flautas . disgusting . worst meal for both of us that we have had in a long , long time . the service was slightly below average . the atmosphere is nice but that 's about it .
0	oh wait there 's another person , wait there 's another person . let me correct myself there are three people total working here it seems . this is the slowest drive thru experience ever . i waited to place my order in drive thru . waited while the other cars were serviced and waited while my simple order was completed . my order was simple -10 piece chicken nugget with ranch dipping sauce . not sure why i had to wait 20 minute . if i wasn 't locked in between cars i would have left . i will probably never stop here again .
0	i was not happy with the service or the food here ! i 'm hoping this was just a bad day ! but it really doesn 't matter because i wont be ever eat at this particular chipotle again in life ! ! ! ! !
0	there were two women servers working at the pace of turtles . with only 6 tables in the whole restaurant , that means 3 tables a piece . if you can 't handle more than 3 tables , you probably shouldn 't be a server . it 's unfortunate for the owners that they are losing out on service because of a lack of hustle . being a party of 8 , we no doubt would have spent some money here , but after waiting 15 minutes with no water and no apologies , we got up and left . not only that , but two more couples behind us did the same . will definitely not be back to try again .
0	chips and salsa are great when they give it to you because your food is gonna take a minute and it 's gonna taste so good . nope . neither . vegan ? nope , nice try . they gave my girlfriend a plate a vegetable slop and told us the rice was no longer vegan . they really tried to make it right , and i commend them for doing that ... but ultimately this place is a terrible mess and definitely not worth checking out with all the delicious choices in town . awful . just awful .
0	all 8 of us we sick for 5 days after eating here last saturday night . i really hope that management reads this and responds ...
0	we walked in at 930 pm no one there to greet us . finally found someone in the bar , and she said she was closing early because it was slow . um dont post ur open til 11 if u are going to close whenever u want .
0	as soon as we walked in the cashier looked at us and walked in the back and never came back out . the cooks were outside smoking and gossiping about the night before 's drunk . this was at 6 pm . prime dinner time . the tables were all dirty . the visible part of the kitchen was messy and cross contaminated . overall , we were flagrantly ignored . we left after ten minutes of non-service . i was very sad because i had heard such good reviews and the menu looked good , but the facilities were sketchy .
0	can i not score this lower ? no extra large cups ever wait forever in drive thru and the only car employees need a smoke more than a job where customer service is provided
0	my husband and i thought that we would give this place a try he got the chili verda burrito it looked like someone took the inside of a babies diaper that had the runs and dumped it into the burrito i got the carne asada and where is the beans rice plus the first few bight are of tortilla this place is nasty will never go back there
0	the onion slices in each brito are like giant toenails . worst filiberto 's ever ! ! !
0	the only okay dish was their chips and salsa . do not order the enchilada suiza . it tastes nasty and do not order their beans and rice . terrible and more terrible . can i say more ? no !
0	eating by myself on saturday night at the bar , i get in because they have a full vegan menu . waited a good 10 minutes before to be able to order , the bartender , elizabeth was so busy texting . and disappear for a good 4 minutes , i don 't know where . i ordered some vegan chicken tacos who had no salsa and absolutely no flavor . the rice smell and taste like baking soda . order don julio and of course they are out . at not one point of time she asked me if my meal was ok . i hate going out for dinner and waist my time and money .
0	i 've been to a few other locations around the valley and they were on point . today , this experience was really shitty and it probably has to do with the leaders of worker bees there . my food was cold , the cashier didn 't know how to utilize my app to redeem rewards , the tables were disgusting and we had to clean it up ourselves . my food came out portion by portion . one piece of chicken was hot and juicy but the wing was small cold and i couldn 't find the meat on the bone . i def won 't be coming back to this location ever again !
0	why they have all these high reviews is beyond me . try it for yourself . but you have been advised to find a better mexican joint ... won 't be back .. oh , and be sure to try there homemade canned guacamole .. waitres dropped cap from salt shaker on floor , rolled around , picked it up , screwed back onto salt shaker and put back on table , didnt even bother to wipe it off , do they wash there hands after using the toilet ?
0	but the food isn 't worth it when you have a careless , rude and lackadaisical staff . the line is always longer then normal stores . the staff is always rushed and never personable not to mention half the time they skimp on portions and when you ask for more they have an attitude about it ! had to throw my burrito away after finding a hair in it ! !
0	waited 20 minutes or more . now we know why they had the shortest wait of all restaurants at westgate .
0	slow service , people who came in 20 minutes after we were seated got their meals before we had received our drinks , let alone order meals . fajitas we 're scorched badly . the order was incorrect , as well . i asked three times for a fresh drink and after45 minutes told her to just forget it . so disappointed .
0	food at this location is always terrible and the place is always filthy .
0	do you intentionally leave food that i have paid for out of my bag ? ! i am beginning to think that it is on purpose ! every single time and i still return ? ! ? apparently , i should be double checking my bag before i leave ... well i would , if you wouldn 't tie it in a knot ; ( i think that i like to help their profit margin and starve at least one of my kids every time : (
0	cant believe horrible service and food awful nothing is fresh taste like garbage need better products the lettuce salad like 4 days old ne c er coming back
0	i ordered 2 gorditas , when i got to work ( 4 min away ) craving to eat my gorditas i opened the box and what a surprise the tortilla was cold with a slap of meat inside , sour cream on the side with a little lettuce . never again ..... i don 't recommend this place at all ...
0	had the 3 tacos and the food was stale and chicken tasted old . went to complain and the people just answer me with an " oh is it ? " i asked for a refund and was told manager wasn 't on duty to give me a refund . well they just lost my business completely as i work next door . this place shouldn 't be allowed to operate with the expired food they serving .
0	stood in line for seemed like 10 mins . the lady , two people infront of me , ordered a family meal . then the clever guy yells , " okay , we are out of breast . " so i turned around and walked out .
0	today saturday came to the restaurant and after review by the web where said that is open from 9am to 9pm . arriving at 10am still the place was close. drove very far to eat a colombian breakfast . please up dated the website and don 't waist people time .
0	very disappointed . had heard such good reviews everywhere . the margaritas , too pricey - served in plastic glasses - were weak and a few steps below lime aid - we waited in the patio - had to get our own drinks and no chips / salsa while we waited for our table - food was decent but nothing to rave about , really lame to have to pay extras for additional chips and salsa and the forks were , even though not plastic , like something out of a camping or picnic kit - won 't go back - too many other really good mexican places in the valley . "
0	this place was awful . bland watery chicken , salsa had no flavor , even the mango salsa . it just tasted like pieces of mango . the staff was neither here nor there . they seemed a little tired actually . i found it funny that the menu had descriptions but they ask you what you want as they make it . don 't waste your time here , go to chipotle , baja loco , heck even rubios . seriously don 't bother unless you like to eat soggy cardboard .
0	management there had the cashier taking orders and attempting to deliver food to the tables . won 't be going back . drove to the other side of town to end up not even eating after 30 minutes ended up getting a refund . disgusting thing was when i went to get a refund my food was waiting to be delivered ( uncovered ) .
0	the guac is from frozen , cheese is cheapest shredded stuff you can get , oily food , hardly any spices . taco bell is better than this place and much cheaper ... won 't be returning .
0	employees here are rude as hell too . i hate this location . 10 / 10 avoid
0	wanted to give it a shot and drove all the way across town to try it and by the time we got there everyone has to use the restroom . so i ask where it is and the kid behind the counter tells me they don 't have a restroom . so i ask him where he goes & he looks around and was like " uh you could use the liquor store next door . " rude . yeah no thanks . ill pass . we left without ordering .
0	i get home and the order is always screwed up . get someone who speaks english taking orders .
0	only can recommend that if you 'd like to keep your money flow coming in , is to have the workers fix their attitudes . using words like ' yep ' instead of ' yes ' or not giving the total just saying ' drive to the 1st window ' is lack of customer service .
0	the salsa station was filthy , the nachos are loaded with so much sour cream and onions and not layered . they become soggie immediately . no onions i asked for and of course i get extra onion . give me my money back and will not go here again .
0	cant get a simple order right and they act as if your in the wrong when you ask them to fix it
0	went inside to eat . ordered a burrito supreme . sat down with my husband opened my burrito and there was a long black hair wrapped up in the tortilla . gross- got a refund nothing more offered for an apology . won 't be back
0	so got this walked in with a meal that followed my diet and was going to get drinks and they told me i had to eat my meal outside on the curb . fail fail fail
0	honestly cannot give a review of the food because we have been unsuccessful twice getting there when they are actually open . the first time , they turned us away because they had a private party . second time , they were just closed . we went at lunch , 11 : 30ish . the hours state they open at 11 during the week . maybe it 's a sign and we should just forget it . just don 't see how anyone runs a business and the posted hours are not correct . wrong on yelp and on their website . also , when you call , it goes to a voicemail thats 's full . don 't think we 'll try his again .
0	they need the san diego guys to come teach them how to make some good old fashion taco shop food . disgraceful to the roberto 's name .
0	i placed a small catering orders online two different times , and both times they got all of it wrong . avoid this location
0	inclined to believe the people at this location and the one on 71 n nellis blvd lv . nv . 89110 have the same problems . only bright spot was nick the cashier . d carballo
0	the clerk was too busy counting and recounting the change in her drawer to take our order . so after 10 minutes we left since the manager also asked us to " just wait a few minutes . " ridiculous !
0	while eating our salsa and chips i nearly chocked on a rubber band from the salsa . i notified our waitress immediately and the manager casually apologized for the mishap . not only he did not offer to comp the meal it seems to me that he didn 't think it was big deal . i checked on the sanitation score when i left and it was 92 % and now it all make sense ! very disappointed with my visit .
0	went through the drive through and had to wait about 3-4 minutes before someone even took my order . then waited another 5 minutes before i got to the window ( there was only 1 car in front of me ) . once i got to the window they repeated an order that wasn 't mine , so i had to repeat it . they took my money and then i sat for over 10 minutes ! the manager passed by the window a number of times and never made eye contact . they opened the window only to tell me that it would be another 4 minutes and i should pull around to wait . i could 've made my own chicken dinner at that point .
0	apperently the girl working the register at 2 : 35 pm on this day doesn 't like her job one bit ! rude as could be , and not only to me , but the 4 customers in front of me ! no smile , no kindness what so ever ! shape up young lady or i fear your job status may change in the near future ! this was my firsr and last visit ! grunpy people shouldn 't work with the public ! managers .... this one will run off more customers than she 'll bring in for sure ! ! !
0	don 't try ordering take-out or pick-up . you 'll either be placed on hold for 30 mins , or you 'll get a " busy " tone .
0	we were seated right away but then we waited and waited and nobody came by to take drink orders or give us a menu . my husband and i have a rule that if we don 't get acknowledged within 10 minutes , we get up and leave . there were several waiters that walked by and didn 't come to our table . after about 8 minutes , we left . i refuse to give my hard earned money to a business that ignores you or doesn 't come by the table and at least say , i 'll be right with you . i was kind of glad we didn 't get served because the place looked dirty anyway .
0	so i try to go inside to order , it 's 6 : 40 the front door is still locked and the hours say dine in 6 : 00 to 2 : 00 am . they tell me things are not going as they should i 'm like well why not they say everyone was late . i can understand that but now i 'm waiting 15 minutes for my food
0	btw we have brown and red hair so clearly didn 't belong to us ! !
0	the owner and staff openly eat their shift meals in front of customers , letting the service time suffer . we went there a couple of times to see if it was a fluke but no , the owner was yelling at staff when we walked in , and we waited over half an hour for service and finally left . maybe if the owner wasn 't so busy making his staff feel useless we might have gotten some service . do not go here ! if you have a hankering for mexican food , go to taco bell ! it is a huge step up in quality !
0	called in a order for ten with rice beans and chips . was looking forward to bringing some mexican yummyness to the family . after taking my whole order for this meal guy on phone said no you can 't take it to go . what ? ! thx for nothing
0	today was the 2nd time i 've shown up and ended up leaving after almost 8 minutes sitting there at the speaker and ended up no where . i went to burger king where i was helped right away , i 'll be going there from now on .
0	drove by and it 's shut down ( as of october 27 ) .
0	they loose numerous customers who drive off because of this . they need to learn meaning of fast food .
0	so amazing , but unfortunately they have really gone down hill . the last few times the quality has gotten bad . to go orders are always wrong . they get chintzy with sour cream , etc . when i called today to report an issue with my order , he totally blew me offf & even laughed about it .... i will not be going back because it has gotten so bad ! ! i 've been eating here since the early 90 's but there are much better places to go now .
0	employees were super impatient about it and interrupted me while i was on the phone with the tow company . went in to explain the situation to them and they insisted i had to move my broken car now and not wait 15 minutes to get it towed . accused me of being rude for not answering them while on the phone with the tow company .
0	careful where you eat , a lot of their stuff is expired but frozen so it appears odorless
0	dun , dun , dunnnn ! the sopapilla tasted bland . no flavor , no texture , nothing . i would 've enjoyed a kfc biscuit a lot better . my girlfriend was having hot flashes in the smoldering restaurant . the new mexican art they had on the walls were tacky and not art . from mexico with love : )
0	after their renovation , they 've turned it into an extremely loud bar environment with poor service . the $ 1 tacos are now $ 2 with less food ( no side rice ) and fewer fillings ( absolutely do not order the vegetarian tacos - what used to be beans and vegetables is now just corn and avocado ) . it may have been an issue that we were there on st patricks day but i 've heard similar reviews from other people who have gone . i used to go to carlos & pepes every sunday and now i 'm sure that i will not return .
0	no flavor whatsoever . will not be coming back . also , wish bathroom was a lot cleaner too .
0	carne asada burrito and the meat was kinda tough and there asada burrito doesn 't come with anything when you order it like no cheese in it cost extra
0	steak tasted old and dry . better off going to taco bell . never going back .
0	the woman who took my order had trouble communicating in english . and they have a no substitutions policy , so you 're stuck paying $ 2 more for an equivalent burrito or eating their nasty pico de gallo .
0	nasty ! the staff was super rude too . yuck . yuck . yuck . skip it ! !
0	i had to spit out chunks of fat numerous times . also , waitress was awful . overcharged our table , rolled eyes at our table , and manager acted like he cared , but seemed in on the crappy waitresses bs . my friends and i will not return to this restaurant again due to overcharging us for crappy food and drinks , as well as the way they treated us .
0	no flavor . i have eaten here twice both meals terrible .
0	brushes barely clean car and my car was pretty clean just drizzle from last might rain. ithe blowers barely get the water from the front of the car and completely miss the back of the car . never will go there again . place was clean and lady was nice .
0	don 't ever go here . they are the worst and will suffer from this . can 't wait until they go out of business .
0	well , i don 't mind if locals use it , but i don 't really like when non-locals use it . are you local here ? "
0	huge ass fucking eyelashes looking like she about to fly away from everyone 's bullshit . all the girls there are rude and they never smile . look like they hate their job , as if it 's my fault that they 're working @ a damn torta joint. customer service sucks in general . i enjoyed the food but the females there just make it a shitty place , with their attitudes and not friendly service . if you 're gonna work somewhere , why not be friendly and try to at least enjoy your damn job ? also they play shitty messssican music 1 star for the crappy service . 4 for the food or whatevaaaa
0	i came today which is maybe 2 days later. the manager said he would leave a note. when i arrived i spoke with the manger on duty which didn 't know so he called the guy i spoke with who com firmed my story when he came back he said oh i 'll give it to you but you were supposed to get it that day . so i 'm guessing that they put a time frame on when you can pick up your money that there no counting ass cashiers fuck up on if i didn 't come back i know they would have pocketed it no good pos .
0	she quickly put it in the drawer so no way to challenge her . also the tostado i got had a hard substance like a rock . be careful at this location . bad people & bad food .
0	he told me they don 't so we left .
0	the guy at pickup counter was a complete a * * hole ! horrible attitude and demeanor . i 'll pass this review to other students and residents of dt tempe . should 've gone to taco bell !
0	cashier : where are you from ? me : michigan cashier : no like where are you really from ? your accent me : michigan but my blood is palestinian if that 's what you 're asking for cashier : oh ya i have some friends that are from bosnia
0	cash only . another cheap place that doesn 't want to pay credit card fees . greed rules here.and no , i don 't want to pay $ 6 to use your airport style atm . tee pee is better and takes plastic . adios don jose .
0	however they charge hst and in my case server wasn 't friendly and didn 't even pretend being grateful for extra tip . slow service , cheap decor , food is ok but nothing special for the prices above average . don 't recommend ! ! !
0	nice location . and i love mexican food ; i eat it all the time so i know what good mexican food is ... and isn 't . despite the food looking the part , all of the things that make mexican food mexican food were missing from mucho gusto 's machaca ... like taste . so to me having to pay the prices their menu items command is not worth it . not only is the food sub-par , but the prices are inflated . much gusto is overhyped and you will pay a premium for the not-so-goodwill . i will not return .
0	crazy won 't go back and the portion was smaller too ! ! !
0	i have had hotdogs from here before and they are good . but come on if your hours on here say your open from a certain time to a certain time go by it . not even a sign on the door saying the times or days your open .
0	it 's 1am on saturday and its crickets out front of your door . thanks for nothing .
0	change your times , 20 min drive to come here yelp said it closes at 1am got here at 11 pm and the girl said they were closing very frustrating
0	literally , i had to elbow myself through the crowd to get to the order window only to find out that the meat i wanted was served at another window . whaaaaattt ! ! ! where are the signs and the orderly queues ? the atmosphere was obviously too authentic for this gringo : i ended up leaving since having to wait in the correct queue for another 10 minutes was too much for my starving family .
0	food always comes out wrong ! only good thing is it is open when ever !
0	the sign in the window said debit cards are charged . however i handed them my visa debit / credit card and they used it as a debit instead credit . i did not give them a pin number . it should have been impossible for them to use my card as a debit without the pin , so how did they do that ? i think someone should investigate .
0	charged me for food they didnt give me , when i called they told me i dont know , what do you want and i said i want a refund he said bye and come in the morning ..... i want to eat my food and can 't wait i till the morning to come back and get a refund horrible customer service ...... hung up on me 3 times ....
0	then , order was wrong , then refused to give me back what i was overcharged for . when i opened my irder 2 items wete missing including what i had been charged for that i didnt order . on top of that they didnt toadt my bagel or put butter on it as asked .
0	charge me 20.00 for steak fries and a taco with extra guacamole , something doesn 't add up !
0	240 n. sunway in gilbert is , in fact , a tire store . thanks for ruining my lunch small dancing rodent ! !
0	any buffet at any casino slopes out , better grinds than this generic spot . compared to this place , roberto 's tastes like the president of mexico 's , own grandmothers handmade recipes ! avoid at all costs .. , ,
0	and notice in my account that they took off 75 dollars which it was on hold . so i went back and talk to the manager and they told me that when you use a debit card and run it as credit 75 dollar hold comes out of your account . i 've been to lots of ampms / gas stations . this is the first i seen this never going here again . if you pay for gas just pay for it on cash . if i would of new this before i would never put gas here . still they haven 't put my money back its been 5 days . i wonder how long it will take they said 2 to 3 days .
0	lol ... try the toothpick size breakfast burritos . lol or the ice with pop to go .
0	only 3 employees visibly working . 1 cleaning . 1 on register and " making " salads with about as much gusto as the piece of old lettuce on the ground next to the garbage can . 1 line cook . the salad line was indescribably gross and looked like a hurricane had blown through : cauliflower in the radishes and so on . if i had realized the uncleanliness of it before i paid i wouldn 't have stepped foot in here . no manager seemingly on duty or present the entire day based on the look of the place . this restaurant has so much potential given location and such , but they are falling dangerously short more than 50 % of the time .
0	poorly run . rude staff . food was a complete dissapointment . my salad was 1 / 2 wilted / rotten lettuce . the hot dogs were wrinkled and dry from being over cooked . there were things on the menu ( flatbread ) that we couldn 't get becuase the " guy at the end of the line " hadn 't prepared for it yet . the owner of this franchise needs to get in there and make drastic changes or i give it 2 - 3 months . it was really really bad .
0	quality of food is declining . server was not attentive . had to have food returned twice , and no manager came by to check on the problem . place is terrible !
0	sat on hold for nearly 10 minutes ... heard them lift the phone up , put me back on hold without saying darn thing . i don 't care if you are 15 minutes to close . i was calling in simply to place an order . completely unacceptable .
0	ever single staff member had an attitude . we had to get up and go ask for silverware , glasses , and syrup . the glasses were dirty with lipstick marks . all four meals came out cold . when asked to speak to the manager , he never came . they sent someone else about 5-10 minutes later . never cleared our plates . go somewhere else . very disappointed that we don 't have a good breakfast place near us now .
0	the girl taking our order kept ignoring what we asked for , and would walk away while we were talking . then we were supposed to get a free lemonade , and the guy refused to give it to us even though we ordered a 16 piece meal and the lemonade comes with a 10 piece or larger . never going back .
0	the main waiter was extremely rude not just to our table , but others around us .
0	we saw our entrees sit in their heat window for almost 10 minutes . the oysters rockefeller were delicious but the service was so bad that we will not be back .
0	took almost 3 hours to get our food , but the food was good . better places to go than here .
0	too many people standing around socializing and not servicing . meal was decent but the appetizer was terrible and after one bite , we left it untouched but were never asked why . bland food and watered down drinks . i 'll even complete their online survey to help them get a clue but wouldn 't return for the freebie for doing so .
0	i walked in , and the line was moving so slowly that i just left . my friends who stayed told me that it took forever for them to get their food . i don 't understand how this place stays in business . do not come here if you value your time .
0	we arrived at the restaurant , which was nowhere near busy , at 8 : 20pm . by 9 : 45 , we had still not received our food . by this point everyone was getting hungry and upset . when we questioned the waiter about when our food would arrive , he promised it would be out in 7 minutes . exactly 7 minutes later , they proceeded to deliver one appetizer of the 12 that we ordered . not recommended to anyone . ever .
0	we went there thinking that this would be a nice quick place to pick up dinner on the way home from work . we ordered a grilled chicken wrap and watched for thirty minutes as the employees spent that time talking amongst themselves and making their own dinners . mediocre food , horrible service never going back .
0	slowest denny 's i have ever been to , and the place was filthy . the waitress kept telling me she couldn 't take our order yet because she was busy . wtf ? !
0	takes forever just to get seated even when there are plenty of open tables . they have 1 moron waitress wearing dirty pajamas , no busser or hostess . food is marginal at best . they mess up the order and don 't even care . and theres also some huge fat slob ( i think the owner ) who just sits there an eats and doesn 't help seat people or do anything about the fact that te place is totally understaffed . looking at the owner alone is enough to make someone lose their appetite . i 'll never go back to this place !
0	i got hung up on and had to call back over 5 times because the person answering phone was ill-equipped to help me and when asking for a manager , they kept refusing by not saying anything or simply hanging up . very disappointing as i love papa johns .
0	the food ... all of it is disgusting ! ! ! i paid $ 37.00 for this ! ? ! ? ! ? no , no , no , no , no ! ! ! do not eat here . please don 't .
0	the food was horrible . the boneless wings were so over cooked they looked black . the burger tasted like it was fried with fish and the combo platter was so dried out you couldn 't chew it . the only redeeming part that gave them the 1 star was the waitress she was nice and friendly . i remember the good ole days when native was the best place in the state to get wings ! this new grill thing they have done is not an improvement but a down grade that will cause them to go out of business !
0	the health service should be contacted . rotting lettuce in my wrap was disgusting . even if the food had been sanitary the portions were micro sized and the prices were macro sized-- $ 15 for a drink and wrap . if you are stuck in this terminal walk 25 feet to bagel bakery or wait for the peanuts on southwest !
0	absolutely terrible. their menu lies about the prices. cost 20 $ for two burgers. lettuce tomato and onions are all 50c extra too. dont go here. the food is mediocre and expensive .
0	this place should be closed & reported to the health commission ! filthy , rude , inedible ... these 3 words sum up this restaurant . also way overpriced ... still upset we paid over $ 50 to make our little family violently ill ! : ' (
0	took 25 mins to get my sandwich which consisted of 10 little diced pieces of meat and a mushy mess of onions and bell peppers which i asked them to leave off but was told " no custom orders . " terrible flavor and consistency . don 't try it not even once .
0	waited for 30 minutes in the drive through while watching four employees go out and smoke and do whatever else . no one taking orders in a timely manner . worst steak and shake o have ever been to .
0	waited in line for 20 minutes for two milkshakes . no apology or explanation .
0	we did not receive all the items in our order and they were not willing to fix it and they did not give us a refund for the item . so basically they stole from us . the two pizzas they did deliver were burnt and the sandwich we ordered was bland and accompanied by soggy french fries . avoid this pit . many better options .
0	we were seated at 6 : 00 , but did not get our food for 45 minutes ! ! the restaurant was not busy either . we had our two little grandsons with us and by the time the food came , they were so impatient and over hungry . when we got the food , it was the worst we have ever had at this establishment . my broccoli was half cooked with no seasoning , the grilled cheese looked like it had sat under a warmer for a long time ( and tasted like it ) and the fries were terrible . we won 't be back .
0	we were there for 45 minutes and never got our food . finally we were sick of waiting so we said we wanted it to go . thankfully they didn 't charge us for our food , but when we got home to finally eat our burgers were not only cold but rare . i mean so rare it was bright red . disgusting ! we will never go back .
0	worse service ever ! kept me on hold forever ! finally gave up and ordered on line . food showed up cold and burnt ! don 't recommend ! don 't waste your money ! go someplace else ...
0	i know its under $ 20 but there is a reason for that . nobody smiles , the place is a mess , nothing is filled up properly and once you are up close to the selections , you realize there isnt much there . most of the food was inedible . i basically ate cheese , crackers and salami , along with the stir-fry veggies . everything else was gross and a waste . i cannot stress enough what a waste of money this place is . please eat somewhere else .
0	do not waste your time there , and believe me , they will waste your time and could care less about it ! i was needing a refil on a prescription and was put on hold for 25 minute 's before i hung up and called again . once more was put on hold and after another 10 minute 's left on hold i gave up . maybe i called at the wrong time , during business hour 's ! pathetic ! ! !
0	quotes 20 min wait and after we inquired after 30 minutes we were told we told you 45 . they had multiple open tables that they were " holding " for reservations . the only bright spot was our server once seated and the food . i will not be back as the food does not outweigh the horrible treatment by staff . run away ! ! ! ! these people think the customer is here to serve them ! sad .
0	even gave them a second chance several months later . just as bad . when i emailed the corporate office , they promised to have someone call me . never happened .
0	absolutely the pits good luck getting the waitstaff to give you the time of day this was our 2nd rotten experience we walked out today never to return
0	asked for a table soon because i am handicap and can 't stand around and wait . manager said ... oh i am sorry you have a sore knee . i was crushed between a car and suv and both legs were severely crushed and now can 't walk . even if they could not accommodate a request you don 't treat people like that . manager was really arrogant . if you want bbq try barque on roncy , nice people who appreciate customers and business
0	every time we stay at the palms place we try this restaurant to see if it 's any better , and it never is . avoid
0	all four times this month i have had to wait 20 minutes ! ! ! ! so much for fast food
0	it takes forever to get through the drive-through . i 've done it three times , i will never go to that mcdonald 's again .
0	lobby was dirty and the coleslaw was warm . i tried one bite of the chicken and one spoonful of the slaw and tossed it all out .
0	first time i ever recall not leaving a tip for the server . too much to even say , but will never return .
0	they were super small and skinny . had ok flavor but now i know why they are so cheap , it 's because of the size ! ! go elsewhere for wings !
0	at just before peak hours tables were still cluttered from earlier in the day . while there were very few people there , no clean tables were available . floors were dirty and when told of the situation , no one did anything . counter server was disinterested in her customers . chicken nuggets were over cooked and dry . there were no napkins in the dispenser at our table . horrible experience .
0	the meat appeared to be boiled , and then they poured bbq sauce on top . stay away if you like real bbq .
0	flies everywhere , over cooked fish and prime rib . the building is in desperate need of maintenance . awful , just awful ...
0	the food here sucks ass ! ! ! ! ! i have been to many casino buffets and this is by far . straight shitty ! it might have been an off night . however i tried a little of everything and nothing was remotely palatable ! oh well gave it a try and that 's all i can say . buyer beware ! ! ! ! and yes i stayed at the bellagio for 4 nights during this trip . great place . the buffet . . . sucks balls .
0	everything is low quality and especially disguating . stay away .
0	would of asked for my money back if it wasn 't for the two for one coupon .
0	the sandwich was filled with huge blobs of fat . i had to take the pieces out and surgically remove the edible portion . others in my party were happy with their meals , and the platters seemed to be better than the sandwiches . it appears that when they trim the platter meat . they chop up the fat and rind and hide it in the sandwiches . the place was packed but the servers did an admirable job of keeping up , and there is a sice selection of sauces to satisfy any taste . i 'll probably eat here again if someone else wants to , but i 'll select something different .
0	the food is nothing to get excited about either .
0	go anywhere but here . waited 30 minutes plus ! watched other people get their wings before us when we had arrived first . for the lady on the floor that night learn some respect ! you were the most disrespectful person i 've ever seen hold a job dealing with the public maybe you should try something new . if only i could give 0 stars
0	i would consider myself a connoisseur in fine dining while in vegas and thought this would be a great opportunity for our group to try .. unfortunately , everything from the loud and crowded tables .. the rushed poor service ... the under cooked raw rice which they passed as risotto and the burned bronzini which they paired with the watery sauces .. our group if six was extremely disappointed with this restaurant and won 't return anytime soon ... yes , i 've dined at many michelin star restaurants this definitely missed the mark .. save your time there are many other delicious dining experiences in vegas !
0	the wait staff is awful . the food was cold . my wife 's medium well steak was rare - after being told to allow additional time for medium well . the crab ravioli was cold . to top that off , the server never returned to the table so we had no opportunity to ask them to fix it . we went to the all night cafe at the hotel . next night we went to mesa . sorry giada - the ex is better !
0	food came out wrong twice and , in the end , just got taken off the bill without eating . manager couldn 't have cared less and was uninvolved . horrible !
0	never get the orders correctly . wrong beverages , wrong sandwiches , wrong condiments . the latest experience wrong beverages were offered and corrected at the pickup window , one of the sandwiches was prepared incorrectly and had to go through the long line drive thru again since inside was closed due to remodeling . got home and still wrong condiments , fries were not replaced and ice cold . upon notification was told had to come back one again though the drive-thru for refund . nothing else but the amount was offered .
0	absolutely the worst ever .. not our waitresses fault ... we waited over an hour for our mael .. no excuse .. wings really ? ? ? never will our group come here sgain .. too many other good places near here ..
0	instead of a half-rack of ribs , i got burnt scraps - very little meat and that was dry , black , and butter like only burnt meat can be . i don 't know if the place is under new mismanagement or if they 're having labor problems , but the service was a disaster .
0	not only was my burger made wrong , i mean it was extremely difficult - mayo , mustard , pickles , lettuce tomato and cheese. what did i get ? ketchup , 3 lousy pickles , a smidge of mustard and lettuce and tomato . the burger was also cold . and i don 't mean warm , it was cold . disgusting . i will never be back to this carl 's jr . maybe not to any of them .
0	water is tap water , waited 1hr for food to be served on a dirty plate . called mgr over to resolve and he apologized and said he 'd get one replaced , after 20 minutes i cancelled it all .. server was very nice but this place is run very poorly ........ i woukd not tell any friends to try it
0	the food took so long to come out then an additional 20 minutes just to receive my bill and charge me . then your waitress has the nerve to follow me to my car and yell at me " did you just try to steal the money off the next table " excuse me i have never been so disrespected and humiliated in my life like your waitress and restaurant made me feel ! i make $ 110 k a year in timeshare i don 't need your little waitress money . this was my families favorite restaurant and i will be taking this to corporate !
0	waited over 40 minutes for my food . watched four people who ordered after me get their food first . was told " sorry dont know why yours is taking so long " well its taking so long because you keep doing other orders before mine . finally got food and fries were soggy , burger was horrible . if you like punishment i recommend this place . otherwise next time you are at the " footd truck " friday avoid this place at all cost .
0	the food was a joke ! ! the employees were miserable ! ! they did not get anything right ! ! so sad because they have so much room to make it awesome ! ! horrible ! ! !
0	do not waste your time or money on this place . we have eaten at planet hollywood in the past but our latest experience was terrible .
0	i am not one to complain about my food but actually had to send the crab / shrimp caesar wrap back because it was absolutely not safe to eat . the seafood is not fresh and if you have to eat here do not at all costs order anything with seafood in it .
0	not even one star ! ! ok the bread basket was good but that 's about it . the pizzas were soggy . the pasta we ordered was very salty .
0	go for lunch and get a chicken ceaser salad and waited 30min . never again .
0	it was super salty and very greasy . i have tried to eat here on 3 different occasions and have been disappointed each time . never going again .
0	absolutely the worst i have ever had the place is filthy the manager is useless the line where the food is is absolutely disgusting me dirty my chicken was so dry and so old i knew it had to come from yesterday 's orders it didn 't get sold they get one star for their juice drinks they were good i 'll never eat there again the health department should be called on them
0	we dine monday night , with reservation , 2 adult and our child . service ! ! ! do not exist , i saw my server twice during dinner , at the beginning when the hostess introduced him and at the end to drop the check . my wine and food order was took by the manager / sommelier " the only positive note of our experience " the food is a joke from quality , taste , flavors , presentation .
0	i don 't expect much from a waffle house and i was still disappointed . never again waffle house , never again ! ! !
0	absolutely the worst kfc ever in the history of kfc this place is an absolute joke do not ever ever eat at this restaurant they are a total rip-off we just got a family bucket there was not one breast not one piece of white meat the chicken was undercooked the mashed potatoes sucked the gravy was burned overall it was just horrible do not eat at this kfc
0	i 'm not sure where they get their ham but it was as cheap in quality as i 'd imagine possible . the photos they advertise of the shrimp basket special are nothing close to reality . the shrimp were so tiny all i could taste was the over cooked breading . the only thing they have going for them is their proximity to the sports book .
0	catfish was old fishy and the wait staff " we 've had a lot of complaints . it must really be bad " wth . .burnt ends were crap too . not fresh at all .
0	burger and sweet potato fries . both were terrible . if i 'm ever at the toronto airport again remind myself to not eat here no matter what . go to subway instead or full up on muffins at starbucks .
0	i had a chicken sandwich with a side of mac and cheese . the sandwich tasted like moldy bread and the mac and cheese tasted like starchy glue . wouldn 't recommend this place to my # 1 enemy . its the worst .
0	entrance : beautiful . hostess : very friendly . atmosphere : very urban and well planned . food : if i could give no stars , i would ! ! !
0	don 't fall for the " premium power recliner seats " they falsely advertise on the website . they are covered in duct tape ! yes duct tape . also if you sit in rows d or higher you cannot see half the screen . something i reported to management which they responded with yes we have been aware of it for 3 years , but don 't disclose on their website which is where you reserve seats . this place is a joke . don 't waste your time for something that is falsely advertised !
0	if i could give this 0 stars i would . it was later after a concert that we were looking for something simple to eat that wouldn 't break the bank . boy do i miss the days in vegas when you could eat for next to nothing . this food court 's service was slow , the prices for the size of the food we 're incredibly high , and the food was terrible . stay away . take my advice , go somewhere else .
0	old building , old waitresses that are loud and gossipy . came in to eat breakfast and all i heard out of this loud old waitress was her telling some elses issues instead of waiting on her tables . the manager walks around like hes doing something besides getting in the way . when we finally got our food i could of made it myself at home and it would have tasted better . so if you want to come to a over priced , incompetent , ancient place to get crappy food be my guest .
0	one star is too much . no cod , no fries ? ? ? really ? ? ? you 're a fish place ? sharing the space with cornel sanders . all the way bad . no good food there . stay away .
0	and i paid 45 $ for a pile of garbage that went rite to the trash ! the wings were supposed to be mild and they came hot but there wings had barely any meat on them and what was their was not good meat ! the pizza my wife described as rubbery and it was disgusting ! i agree it was terrible !
0	with all the local cheap late night options for delivery i have no idea how this place stays in business . it takes a lot or me to really dislike a place , but gus 's , your pizza makes me want to cry .
0	the owner has a disgusting mouth to his customers . told me to " lick the sweat off his balls " in front of my 80 year old mother ! ! way to go " lou .... " the man needs to get a grip . can 't treat people like that . please dont patronize this business ! ! ! he actually wanted to fight me cause i told him he was being rude to my mother and should apologize . fight me ? he tried desperately to goad me into throwing a punch so he could pounce ! ! vicious man . crazy ? ? the man is a joke to the surprise business community . please don 't patronize this jerk ! ! !
0	$ 60 for two salads that were bland and chicken was burnt . overpriced and the food made me sick to my stomach . poor customer service .
0	the food was really bad , pizza we ordered was burnt , we got fries instead of a poutine , and when we asked to get what we ordered , we got massive attitude from the manager . they never got my order right , never got the poutine , the manager is an unfriendly tool who has the biggest f u attitude to all his clients . i wouldn 't go back to if they paid me .
0	multi-leveled incompetence all across the board from the manager to the fry cooks . several visits to this establishment ( shame on me ) , have shown that they either don 't care about filling the order correctly or they are too incompetent to do so . ask for mild they give you spicy , ask for spicy chicken they give you a wrap . not to mention the one time i used my credit card instead of cash ( which i rarely do ) , and my card number is compromised . i 'm over this place and i 've expressed my concern to their corporate office . franchise stores like this one will tarnish the image of the company .
0	i got the meatloaf and it taste like cheep tv dinner . they must know this because they put a piece of bacon on it trying to make it taste better . so come to las vegas go to this restaurant and order the meatloaf tv dinner for $ 22 dollars . the reason why i say it 's the worst restaurant is .... not my waiter or anyone else in the whole restaurant ask me why i only ate one bite ! ! ! ! ! i guess it 's normal to order a $ 22.00 meal in this establishment and not eat it ! ! ! never again ! ! !
0	we have tried this place a few times thinking it was maybe just an off day but every time we have an issue . either they messed up our order or our order took over 30 mins this last time or the food was brought out cold ... it 's never ending with this place . the service is awful with the exception of the managers which always have to come try to make it " right " after a bad experience .
0	the food quality sucks and the place is filthy most of the time . the service is extremely slow and the drinks / condiment area is always dirty with no napkins . i have lived in the area 5 years and it is getting worse and worse . i don 't know why mcdonalds corporate offices don 't do something about this location .
0	a couple little pieces of pastrami and a slice of swiss cheese on stale rye bread . all for $ 8 are you kidding me ? don 't bother with this place !
0	i watched my shrimp basket go to other table first . luck they didn 't try it , it was so hot it burned my mouth . the étouffée was pepper hot and void of taste . it seem liked they showed the crawfish the pot and they jumped out . the beer was the only redeeming value .
0	no one greets you , you wait 15-20 min before they even give you a menu . had brunch today and that 's the last time i 'll ever go , i gave them multiple chances . got double wide eggs benedict , and the eggs were not even remotely cooked . the yolk turned my plate into soup , and ruined everything else on the plate . bartender admitted to being very hungover . didn 't prepare bloody mary properly . don 't waste your time here when there are so many other good places to eat on carson .
0	absolutely the worst service ever been here twice in the last month both times we ended up walking out not being acknowledged the hostess was great the bus girl was great but when it came to the waiter coming to the table he just never came will never go back
0	absolutely the worst service ever if you 're white you don 't want to go into this restaurant they will treat you bad
0	ordered chicken and took 40 minutes to get it ( evidently they don 't understand they are in an airport and i don 't have 3 hours for dinner ) . also ordered keith alexander 's ipa . this is nothing like an ipa , more like a pilsner , absolutely no hops . traded that for the darker microbrew and that tasted like water with food coloring .... for $ 10 . with all the good microbrews and beer in the area and that 's what they serve ? really ? nice atmosphere , but if you don 't know how to run a restaurant or have a decent beer , please do us all a favor and don 't do it at all !
0	we were seated and forgotten . took 15 mins after ordering drinks to get drinks . another 15 after that for the appetizer that we ordered with drinks . never got our food . spoke to manager cancelled our order and paid for our drinks and app and left . time of horrible experience 1 hour . left hungry and went elsewhere . never again will we go there . i can only suggest others avoid this place as well . only gave it 1 star because it wouldn 't allow me to do negative
0	i don 't know where the begin ... terrible food they forgot my order , forgot to offer refills and forgot about our table .. the waiter thought he was more important that his clients . i will never eat at this establishment ever again . i 've been going for years , but it has been going downhill since . it 's done . don 't waste your time or your money .
0	i don 't usually write poor reviews but this was horrible ! ! ! ! sub par food to boot ! ! ! do not recommend ! ! ! too many other choices in scottsdale , do not waste your time or money ! ! !
0	incompetent staff and manager who could not even process a refund ( order 53 at about 9pm on 09 / 25 / 15 ) . please , i insist that you change the money i paid where my order was not fulfilled or refunded ( $ 9.52 ) , change it to pennies , get some lubricant and shove each and every penny up your asses . don 't plan to purchase any more food from bk , they just don 't care ......
0	3 times in one meal we were brought the wrong order and then the waitress forgot to put in my entree order ! are you kidding me ? i will be going to the location on 27th ave and bell from now on , and that is only if i ever come back to native ...
0	waited over an hour and a half for our food and the restaurant wasn 't even busy . the prices of the food is not worth it . do not eat here if you enjoy your time on this earth . they are so slow !
0	we were a party of 7 and it took 2 full hours from the time we sat down at a table until we received dinner . after all this waiting , one of the orders was wrong . after another 15 minutes or so the manger came over and said the cook forgot to make the corrected order . the person who never got their order said forget it but when we received the bill , the order that was never received was on the bill . avoid this place like the plague .
0	ordered appetizers , after 30 minutes they never came . then they showed up with our meal . the fries were cold . the chili fries had cold congealed cheese on them . not coming back .
0	well , actually none ! i ended up leaving . there were only about 10 customers in the whole restaurant other than the bar for happy hour . all the staff was walking around like they had nothing to do ! management needs to do an overhaul as i see other posts about crappy service and crappy food !
0	after 4 calls and 1.5 hours of not receiving our pizza we were finally told that it had been delivered to the wrong residence and we would have to wait another 1 hr . it was the absolute worst service that we could be offered . i recommend fast food before i recommend gus 's and i hate fast food . signed ,
0	our server renee .. even while the place was empty couldn 't get anything to our table right . my wife 's drink was wrong her mother 's coffee absolutely never came . my beer was brought over 15 minutes after i ordered it . my wife 's mothers soup order was never sent to the kitchen when it did come .. hella salty .. it was the wrong size brought to the table . then brought over a velvet cake withe the frosting on the bottom side .. smh ... safe to say i won 't be going there again .. thanks but .. no thanks claim jumpers
0	great location , good cocktails , reasonable prices ... but stay away . after getting our cocktails we watched another table get up to leave before being served . the server never came back to check on us . after our drinks were empty we waited 15 minutes until we finally had to yell across two tables to get out check . now the server had plenty of time to actually stand at our table side waiting for a tip , she informed us that most people leave 15 % . we have traveled extensively and never have i had service this bad and rude .
0	it took them over 45 minutes to bring out kids meals . food was subpar .
0	i cannot review the food because , although i waited over 30 minutes after they started to bring the food ordered by our party , they never brought any of my order ! they were not crowded . i would estimate only 20-25 % full . this is the second time that the service has not been good . i hope they go out of business soon so this location can be taken over by someone who knows how to run a restaurant . i will not be returning here .
0	food was cold by the time it arrived . this place used to be good too . ive never been to a restaurant that was basically empty at 730 pm , and told by the staff " its a 45 min wait. were running behind " horrible experience .
0	after waiting 45 minutes for our food ( with no drink refills ) we inquired what was taking so long . a server ( not ours ) came back and said they were just getting ready to start our ticket . there were literally 5 other tables in the entire place . this was on a wednesday night at 7pm . we left after my husband paid for the drinks . i just wanted to scream . awful awful awful !
0	my waitress maybe stopped by the table once . very rude . the food came out cold . overall overpriced small portions and rude service
0	never again- 20 minutes for fast food with no one in line ? these employees clearly needed more training and were unable to work with each other .
0	we spoke to the manager and his response was not to waste the time complaining . also , it 's not worth the wait and watching the servers pick up the dirty plates and then run out food without washing hands is questionable .
0	we weren 't very hungry . we just wanted to share a paella . she basically starts trying to force us to get a sampler . the up selling was ridiculous . when our food came they came and dropped off all this food we did not order . 10 mins later the waitress came and we told her we didn 't order it . she said yes we did and got pissed at us ! ! ! grabbed the food and finally came back with our paella 30 mins later .
0	50 minutes to get our food , an hour & a half total . there were only 4 tables with people at them . ridiculous !
0	food came out cold . took over 10 minutes for us to be able to get anyone 's attention to get new food . drinks were only refilled once and had sat there empty for quite a while . once done eating , took another 15 or so minutes to get our bill ... needless to say , we almost walked out . will definately not return to this location .
0	the website does not inform you you 'll be sitting in what is basically an office chair from costco . completely inappropriate for a child . when i questioned this with a " manager " jason i was greeted with sarcasm and disinterest . too many other great choices for theaters in our area to settle for this type of nonsense . go somewhere else . at least the wait staff is super helpful . obviously not taking their lead from the so called management .
0	this is the first time i have ever commented on yelp , but was so disappointed i had to write.totally felt taken advantage of . waited in line for an hour and a half and paid $ 47.99 for the " holiday " meal . " kobe " beef ice cold , crab stringy and partially frozen , pastas just a big glop of starch , stations were sloppy & not maintained . then they wanted to add an 18 % gratuity for a group of 8 . seriously another $ 70.00 to clear plates & bring drinks ? ! i will stick to the wynn !
0	consistently takes 20 + minutes in the drive through . don 't know if it 's understaffed or what but every time i come here i regret it because you end up stuck in line . the amount of business they lose from drive offs must be staggering . i don 't know if the franchise owner just doesn 't care or what but this place is a freaking disaster . there isn 't another wendy 's for several miles so maybe they just don 't care . either way it 's absurd .
0	i took a video of attempting to pierce them with a fork repeatedly without success . the manager was very nice and agreed they were not edible by a human . he had them cook more but they were only barely edible . the place had pretty decent food up until the last months of 2016 . not sure what happened but i seriously won 't be back . no problems with the manager or waitress but serious kitchen issues .
0	showed up at 7 : 15pm for dinner , waited 45 mins for a table , not too bad and there was a bar and live music . however , after being seated at 8pm , food was a 90min wait ! and throughout the 90 mins we were notified twice that the kitchen was out of items so we all had to adjust our order . the waiter could not tell us when the food would come out so we left . what a disappointment . we had high hopes and just left hungry and disgruntled and very tired .
0	i am absolutely clueless to how this place got 4 stars let alone still in business ! w.t.f is going ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? i rather go to kfc and deal with the diarrhea then step a foot in this place . horrible horrible horrible ! ! !
0	don 't ever review on yelp but had to say something about this . i thought screwing up breakfast was impossible . toast was completely soggy , hash browns tasted like raw potatos and the eggs were the sorriest looking , discolored , wannabe eggs i could have ever had in my life . only ate anything because i was completely starving after an event . only meal i 've ever considered walking out on . don 't know how anyone can eat here .
0	there are 4 of us that try different brunches and i recommended this restaurant and so sorry i did . the eggs and potatoes appear to be pre cooked . potatoes were cold and hard like they had been setting for several hours . bacon was not cooked very well and super greasy . quiche was best of the 4 and it was mediocre at best . carnitas bowl very bland . first and very last visit for sure ! !
0	apparently has never heard of the word please or thank you . when told so order was abruptly stopped with " just a minute . " once i finished ordering was told to " pull forward " very rudely . maybe she was having a bad day but that 's still no way to talk to customers . will not be visiting this establishment again ! part 2 : after getting home and opening up the box of chicken , was once again disappointed . the chicken was soggy and dripping oil . if no stars was an option , they would have zero !
0	absolutely worst customer service possible and this came from the manager / owner of the place do yourself a favor and don 't go here like many others have said .
0	i ordered the nachos and i was served incredibly stale chips with cold cheese . i sent it back to melt the stuff and it returned with slightly warm cheese and missing all of the other toppings . i understand that it 's vegas and i shouldn 't have high expectations , but it completely changes my perception of dennys . i drove by it yesterday and was disgusted at the thought of every going there again . i never realized how one experience can change your perceptions completely , but one simple plate of nachos did just that .
0	i mean it was cheap , but seriously ? ! it 's glory days have come and gone and this place needs to be imploded already . no coffee maker in the nasty room so prepare to wait in line at the java hut to wake yourself from the horrible nights sleep you just got . this place is on it 's last leg . help to put it out of its misery by not giving it any of your money ...
0	came in at around 2am last night and ordered 3 hamburgers .. these people put so much salt and pepper on the burgers that they were not hardly edible . yes .. it was that bad . it was almost as if they put a whole layer of salt and pepper on each side of the patties . and conveniently put very little sauce on all of them . these people that work this night shift need to be fired asap . we could even see the lady that was working laughing while talking to the cook . i guess even some people aren 't professional enough to even work at a mcdonald 's .. sad .
0	i don 't expect much it being fast food but they are crazy slow here . every time
0	we came on sunday and we 're on waiting list to sit and my wife had to tell waitresses which tables were open where we could sit . we then got worst table in the place and complained that other better tables were open . the manager wouldn 't let us sit at other better tables and he was a rude jerk to my wife . also , their food is extremely greasy to the point where it 's unhealthy .
0	food is really that bad . ate there twice ... outside of breakfast , it is really bad
0	they 're consistently slow to a point of just plain silly
0	the bartenders are incredibly rude and charged me $ 24 for two lemon drops . if i ever go there again it will be for the games and not the actual restaurant .
0	drinks that taste like they were mixed by a 4 year old . food that likely was seasoned by rubbing it along the floor and then searing it beyond the point of recognition . i would recommend mcdonalds over this . was highly recommended and was equally highly disappointing .
0	ate with a large group . food was some of the lamest i 've had in the whole city . seafood , which is apparently their crown jewel , did not taste fresh . tasting menu was a joke . was just served dishes off the normal menu which isn 't really how the tasting menu should work . portions for our large group were laughably small . did not get the impression this place had ever actually served a large group . staff 's attitude to some group members was less than satisfactory . food is just so far off the mark i 'd say go somewhere else . gray gardens or richmond station are a way better picks for price fix tasting menus .
0	cioppno on their menu is actually a bowl of chunky pasta , a couple pieces of fish ( more than a day old ) and a couple shell fish . no flavor , over cooked , little service and could care less about the inferior quality of the food they serve .
0	absolute waste of money. got chicken fingers it was dry and cold ... went down the garbage disposal would not give it to my dog .
0	ordered from here , pasta was flavourless to say the least and the bread that came with it must have been at least 5 weeks old . i could have used it as a jack stand for my truck . called in to give my opinion of the level of food and they were disinterested .
0	if they didn 't have a location . they would be out of business . hour and half to get cold food served . mgr didn 't even have balls to come over and gave 20 % off . what a rookie ihop wanna be .
0	sat there for 15mins waiting on them to take our drink order . food did not come out right and management didn 't seem to care but would rather stand around talking instead of managing . will never be back .
0	2 hour delivery time , called to check and see where order was and was told it was on the way . 30 minutes later no pizza , called back and was on hold for 10 minutes . i always order from dominos but my location was closed for renovations so i had no choice but to order from pizza hut . never again
0	the old woman who i 've seen a few times working here is so rude .
0	i waited 10 minutes just to be greeted on a dead night . this is definitely a novelty spot not worth visiting . it is cheesy & i will not be back .
0	only waited on regulars and were openly nasty and pouring short when they did wait on us . for a friday night you 'd think they would be properly staffed ? we won 't be back .
0	chef will not do anything to make any type of breakfast without butter . he has eggs and will not cook them without butter or milk !
0	somebody who knows what they are doing needs to come in and clean house ! ! !
0	came for bfast and left w / o eating because the food took freaking forever to come out ! we waited over 30mins and finally when i asked to speak to a mgr , that 's when miraculously the food comes out ? pwe were so over it , we just left . especially since the hostess stated she would text the mgr to let him know there was a problem ... ru kidding me ? ! ? ! these guys need to literally check themselves before they wreck themselves because this was just all around bad !
0	i am not sure his name , but the bartender was extremely rude and we even had to go grab our own ketchup and mustard . i will never go back to this place , due to the very rude bartender ! awful experience and very expensive , as the fries cost an extra $ 7 for a small order .
0	asked to have mine remade because the egg whites were runny and they literally took them back a put a new egg on the existing cold fries . was so disappointed , because the first time i ate there it was not like this at all .
0	been here three times . either received wrong order or short order . also expect 15-25 minutes to wait for food from drive thru each time .
0	was in the drive lane forever . each car took about 9 min to move . sat at the window staring at two guys who looked lost and hadn 't greeted me yet . took about 5 min to even come to the window . let 's make a list of things wrong . my burgers had onions after i asked for no onions , my sweet tea was iced coffee , and my sons happy meal toy was for a girl after i said ( for a little boy ) was in the drive lane for over 20 min . only 3 cars ahead of me too ! ! ! unbelievable !
0	ordered the patty melt dog with sea salt and pepper fries . fries were delivered to the table with absolutely no seasoning . then when the dogs came to the table they had raw onions . we asked for grilled . they took them back to remake them . the second time around the onions were grilled but the fries on the dog were ice cold . at that point i asked for the manager . however , she was too busy messing with the tv . we waited over 5 minutes for her to come over so we just got up and demanded a refund . also both dogs were the exact same , yet looked completely different . don 't waste your time going here .
0	# 1 the staff has no idea what is going on , whatsoever . we were overcharged for our meal twice . the staff was rude . they don 't let you eat anywhere near the buffet . i have had such amazing experiences everywhere else in las vegas except for this place . pretty big disappointment .
0	having lived in the falls for over 15 years decided to try it out . first off had to walk in the bar to enter the restaurant . stood by the entryway to be ignored .. then a server tells us to go seat ourselves and she would be right over . we sat there at the table for at least 20 minutes without anyone acknowledging us . its not it was busy 3 tables of which 2 were eating . we eventually left . we will not return ! ! tried keeping the private owners of small business alive with our patronage . not quite sure how you have remained open with this type of service .
0	my boyfriend and i went in and sat in the bar and waited for 15 minutes and were ignored . we then politely asked the hostess if we could sit in the dining room instead due to not being able to get service in the bar . we waited for another ten minutes at another table and finally left .
0	server kailen / jamien at the bar was extremely rude took him 10 minutes to get just a drink never mind the 30 min wait for the food . also goes by am bar on the receipt . boo .
0	very disappointed . our waiter not only took 30 minutes to get our drinks to us but also forgot to put in our food order . people came in after us , ate and left before we ever even got our food . and to top it off or server ignored us the whole time ! worst dining experience of my life and i 've eaten at some pretty bad places . wish i could give it a big fat 0 .
0	sat at the speaker for 15 + minutes waiting . highly don 't recommend .
0	i pulled into the drive through and an employee just says " hello . " not " welcome to mcdonalds . " so i order my order , pay , and pull up to the window to pick up . our order wasn 't ready yet so we had to pull to the reserved lane . a woman walked out on her phone with my food . she handed me my food without looking at me and her eyes fixed on her phone . then walked away without saying a word . then to make it worse the bacon on my sandwich was burnt to the crisp . i won 't be back to this location .
0	my husband ordered clam chowder soup ( soup , for goodness sakes ! ) and it was very salty . they gave him another one and it was still too salty . i ordered tuna tartare and that was too salty as well . i didn 't bother asking for another plate . and we saw another guest return his food as well . perhaps it was just a bad night , but never again will we go back .
0	tried to check this place out , 4 adults , couldn 't even get to hostess to put our name in because staff all too busy visiting with friends blocking entry . turned around and left . won 't be back .
0	pull up to order and push the button and keep waiting . finally after 5 minutes go thru the drive thru and they say oh yeah a lot of those are broken . no signs up nothing . go thru the drive thru the next time and wait there for 3 minutes for any service . if your want to be able to at least place your order don 't go here .
0	my date ordered the salmon salad ....... no salmon . she had to substitute chicken . really , no salmon on a the friday night before easter ? the turkey burger was over cooked and rubbery . the bun was stale and unedible . absolutely zero flavor . what a waste of a saturday night . as much as i like to support local mom and pop 's , i wont be able to support this one . pv burger co , or red robin for me .
0	we are from chicago and know our pizza . crust was the only thing that was not bad and it was just average . very little sausage and the cheese was bland and not melted . way too many peppers on it . just plain bad .
0	never again the atmosphere in here stresses me out by all the over worked staff if i could put no stars i would
0	i cannot explain how this place stays in business . the waiter , despite his tux , was a total hick . " y 'all want me to clean up some of them crumbs fer y 'all ? " with a couple of drinks and dessert , 1 person can easily rack up a $ 100 tab . i 've had better steaks at ihop .
0	one worker actually rolled her eyes at me when i ordered an extra soda that wasnt on my original order ! workers that make the pizzas also handle cash at the register and nothing seems sanitary . i will be going to pizza hut until things change
0	expect to spend a couple thousand bucks on a meal . couldn 't have been a worst experience . so slow . we wanted drinks and took 30 minutes . wanted appetizers and took an hour . complained and the manager got involved and nothing changed . if you are going to spend a bunch of money , don 't go here . hugely disappointing . haven 't even gotten the main course and the poor services has me turned off . hope they turn it around but i shouldn 't feel like i got terrible service when i spent a bunch of money . shouldn 't that be # 1 ?
0	a bunch of scam artists .... the same girl and another guy a while back " forgot to give me change " when paying with cash ... food is okay ... but they are good at scamming drunk people out of a few dollars
0	that 's not much to ask for . yet in this case the " side salad " consisted of a bowl of lettuce . i asked for oil and vinegar and received white vinegar ( for those who don 't know ... that 's not the kind you put on a salad ) . the burger was clearly a frozen patty , small and unsatisfying .
0	if the burgers don 't kill you the bill will . plus not everyone wants to wear a hospital gown to eat . the girls look like out of work tranny hookers fresh off karen street .
0	seriously , abysmal . one star because their pizzas cook in 2 minutes , in case you view that as a highlight . with so many exceptional options nearby , don 't bother .
0	service began well then dropped off a cliff . food was bland to tasteless . the food that was actually cooked , that is . prices are a joke . managers ? absent . shame , shame , shame . why is this place still in business ? there are far , far better choices so choose wisely people .
0	it was obvious that systems did not function in a manor that allowed for efficient and effective delivery to sunday breakfast crowds . a clear division between kitchen and wait staff was evident - as we sat at the bar and witnessed this first hand . this rift was clearly driven by the manager on duty who we listened to loudly bark orders at staff throughout our 20 minute wait for food . mam , this failure is clearly on you and the management team of this location .
0	a " casino " with only slots is like an nfl game with only extra points but your kicker has a gimp leg and everyone in your huddle are old women in pajamas .
0	i was able to cancel the reservation but was not able to get a refund . why ? they were not out any money . poor way to run a business .
0	said that we would get a big discount for the pizza slices if we order pre-made slices ! and we got a discount of $ 1 ! ! . i would have gone with that , but it 's the attitude of the cashier / server that threw me off ! . he dealt with us as if he was paying us to eat his burnt / dry pizza ! ! ! never going back to this place and dear friends please stay away ! !
0	food was not notable . average food at high prices . location is nice though . there are better options on the strip .
0	i would rather get mcdonalds take out than deal with these people again !
0	sadly , by 11 : 05 am they still were not open . the curtains were pulled closed , the chairs were flipped up on the tables , all light were off---the place appeared vacant . there were 2 vehicles out front , but not a soul in sight ! we were planning on going here for over a week after reading great things about it , but not when a company cannot manage to keep their hours updated on various social media sites . we are extremely disappointed . not sure this company will have a very long shelf life considering how abandoned & unkept the place looked today .
0	for managers , however , it 's just plain insulting and disrespectful . especially over a $ 2 side of coleslaw ... not to mention the last four times we have ordered from there , the order was wrong and it seems like there 's new staff every time i go pick up food .
0	i seen it on the news , ask the manager or look it up on facebook
0	quality and look have gone down hill . needs major attention from chain managers
0	we left a $ 5 on the table for the server & left . managements explanation was that " they 'd just had pest control spray the previous night . " my immediate thought is this , though .... if roaches are literally crawling on your guests tables ... are they crawling everywhere in the kitchen too ?
0	service was flawed and the kitchen had severe delays . had lunch , a rueben and surf & turf tacos . the rueben was decent , the tacos , however were heavily on lime and watery . milk and cookies took 30 minutes to arrive . i can whip up a batch in less time .
0	sent me a burger with no lettuce , no tomato no mayo etc . literally two grilled cheese buns and a patty flung in between . absolute failure . poutine was gross and cold . how that was even possible was beyond my comprehension . my coworkers sandwich was ok . but nothing great . not a repeat uber order for me .
0	i don 't know how exactly they accumulated a rating of 4 / 5 stars from over 4k reviews but there wasn 't much to praise about . for the first time it feels like yelp has failed to do its job . sadly it was just mediocre burgers and fries with gordon ramsay 's name slapped on the menu . tap sports bar at mgm is a much better option .
0	only half the buffet was open and the selection was very disappointing . the surprising part was the disappointing food ... at the carving station they were serving the ny strip ... i love ny strip , but this was closer to a shoe leather and tasted like it as well . the rest of the buffet was bland , flavorless , boring , and a complete disappointment . thank goodness we were on a bob so aside from a tip , we left and went to paris village buffet to make up for the disappointment .
0	there were 2 ladies that had stools at the side bar and had already cashed out but security rolls up and tells them for space saving purposes that they had to take their stools literally removing them from where they sat ! ! ! they could of waited a few minutes knowing they just paid and there was not immidiate room saved since now they were just standing ... also way over priced ... for 2 domestic bottles and 2 shots of fireball came to a whopping $ 30 ... disappointing ! ! !
0	we came across the pizza fiesta on penn avenue and ended up ordering gyro platters . i was not impressed , to say the least . the fries were pretty meh , and the gyros were very cheaply & poorly made . it wasn 't until a few weeks later that i discovered bfg café on the same street ... i would recommend getting your authentic homemade gyro there ( and for only $ 5 ) instead of getting the super bland gyro at pizza fiesta .
0	we had the pleasure of meeting the biggest jerk of a bar tender i 've ever come across in las vegas . zero stars . i will never spend another cent in this place .
0	a few of us got the tuscan chicken sandwich a burger and i don 't remember the other order . i don 't like giving places a one star but it was just not good at all . dry , flavorless , skimpy with the toppings , and way over priced . there are many ways to make healthy food taste great . it doesn 't seem like this place has figured it out yet . at least not on this day .
0	we eat only at independent restaurants so dissing this place is very difficult . long story short , we went there for a light dinner , " gourmet panini " sounded like a perfect reason to try the new place . the turkey tasted like processed turkey loaf , the bacon was unlike anything either of us had ever ate , rubbery , reddish stuff . in a word , awful . first time we had ever asked for our money back . i felt terrible but it was pathetic . the owners need to act now or the end is near i 'm afraid . that is unless the coffee is mind-blowing .
0	doesn 't make it seem customer focused just want to keep the money coming in . its a shame because it seems like an ok place . hoped for a better experience family in town but what can you do
0	i had the pork cutlet and he the crispy chicken sandwich . i was in a hurry or i would have sent mine back because the bun was like a rock , it felt like it had been sitting uncovered for a day or three . the pork was greasy and lacked flavor as well . his chicken sandwich looked odd and he said it tasted " off ' as well . the tater tots were good as was the service but the food was really poor .
0	we were both missing sweet carrots from our orders and when i called back to advise the manager , tammy , of this , she was completely rude and unapologetic . she minimized the missing food as , " oh it 's only a garnish anyway ... you only get like four carrots ! " what the hell ? if i paid for them , then i want them , whether it was 4 or 20 . this place is completely overpriced with bland tasteless food and clearly a management staff who does not understand how to treat their customers . needless to say , i will not be going back to sushi at the lake .
0	i ordered the fried chicken that was around $ 17 . it came with a small cole slaw which was good , corn kernels , and i think pickled turnip ? the fried chicken had a nice crispy coating but there was no taste . it was pretty bland . all i could taste was the oil from the chicken being deep fried . also , the place looked kind of dirty and dodgy . don 't think i 'll be coming back to the fry anytime soon . i 'd rather have colonel sanders kfc .
0	sliced brisket was cold and had huge pieces of fat. the chicken was dry and cold and the pulled pork was also cold . we ordered burnt ends to start off and they were anything but burnt and looked like cubes of steak and guess what ? ? ? cold . overall we will not be returning which is a shame we had such high hopes . oh well .
0	takes an hour to make one bilzzard and fries . the staff is so rude and careless and they always forget something ! ! ! ! i hate this dq .
0	tried to , by there was no service . we were seated at a dirty table and i had to ask somebody to wipe it down for us . we waited and waited and nobody even came by to take our drink order , much less acknowledge we were even there . eventually , i turned the timer on my phone and put it on the table . once it reached five minutes ( and we 'd already been there a while already ) , we got up and left . could have been the best b-dubs food on the planet , but i wouldn 't know ' cause they never served us .
0	after 45 mins of waiting on appetizers , having to ask for a drink refill and then our food coming out before the app and being completely wrong , i walked out . i have never walked out on a table in my life . i served tables for 5 yrs myself . very very very disappointed .
0	but here i got less than expected . the service : it was truly disappointing . they were slow and unable to answer any basic questions . they never refilled our drinks . staff just seemed to disappear for long periods of time . the food : well , actually i am a good eater and usually finish my entire plate but here i ate only half . it just wasn 't that great . the omelet was ok , potatoes were very bad ( ( ( and my friend also agreed with me . have to say that the portions are huge . overall : it was a bad experience . won 't return to eat here again ...
0	i will keep this short so just don 't come here . there are much better options out there . the food is edible at best . i also missed half the breakfast making waffles for these little mexican kids who didn 't speak english ( which i was happy to do and not really a knock on the buffet - well kinda because there should be a guy making waffles ) .
0	still in drive thru line after 27 mins ! ! very slow service and horrible design of the drive thru lane . cross traffic trying get by and people walking everywhere . nice employees but they are slow as hell . too busy to get decent service . please hire more people for your peak hours .
0	i heard the owner is a real terrible person . the women i found are sweet . prices are ridiculous . the hot foods and salad bar look delish but i can cook all these kinds of foods myself . anyways why would i support such a mean man ?
0	we ate dinner there friday evening . there was 8 of us . everyone had something different , from a sandwich to combo meals . food was horrible . we 've been there before , and the food was just okay . this bordered on being one of the worst meals i 've ever had . certainly , the worst barbecue ever . i know we will never return .
0	she takes our order ( 8 of us ) , goes to kitchen and comes back at 12 : 03am and says the cook says no .... its after 12am and he ain 't cooking . so we hungry . where can i get some food . this place smokes stank anyways
0	took a half hour to place order . got water 15 minutes after that . ordered entrees with salads . hummus and pita for appetizer . one dinner came 30 minutes after that fish and chips no cole slaw . two more dinners came 30 minutes later no salads no hummus . told 4th dinner was out of salmon hour after she ordered.ordered wrap never came . dizzy waitress unsanitary kitchen and cook that looked like he needed some grooming and thats being nice . this place needs help .
0	actually this place does not deserve a star especially with poor food , slow service and for managers who make you offers and then rescind on those offers .
0	horrible management no customer satisfaction ! i will not return to thus restaurant . food was not edible and didn 't even touch my food but they never even bother to ask if they could do anything ! that top it ... horrible do not go there !
0	i was asked to sit at the chef counter when i did not want to and they had about 6 booths open .... ridiculous .... will never step in that restaurant again .
0	it 's a good looking place from the outside and in ... but poor quality food , clueless staff who couldn 't care less , were a table of 6 , probably only one of 4 occupied tables in the whole room ( for good reason we now understand ) . none of us finished our food ( sorry we do not advocate leaving or wasting food but this was an exception ) , 3 of out orders were delivered incorrectly , we were all shocked the place is still in business . sorry for the bad review but wowwww
0	extremely disorganized , getting everyone 's orders wrong . it seemed like they really have no clue what was going on in their own restaurant .
0	" actually we 're not taking walk-ins at this time " how the fuck is this even a business concept ? i guess the fact that nothing opens in scottsdale until 11 am except for this place and daily dose allows them to be snotty .
0	even the kids ( now 9 and 11 now ) fear the sickness they felt after eating at this chain about a year ago ( grandad 's poop in pants event didn 't help either ) and scream a big no when nostalgia interferes with my intellect . if they want fast , cheap breakfast / brunch / lunch food in an emergency on the road travelling , they will opt for the lesser discomfort intestinally of eat -n - park , perkins , denny 's , or cracker barrel . locally , for a digestible brunch / breakfast / lunch experience they request bados , bobs , dor-stop or lulu 's .
0	if it is served cold , say it in the description . hell , maybe it 's not served cold , maybe it took so long to get it to me that it went from a hot sandwich to the cold one i 'm eating . love cubans , disappointed to say the least .
0	so not only is their food / drink quality poor , apparently their customer service is terrible too !
0	it 's easy to find located next to a charming art glass gallery . oddly enough , every time i 've stopped into quintealia 's - there were only a handful of patrons . why ? today , during the pancake breakfast events , i stopped in and was snarled at by the owner saying , " we are closed ! " not such great customer service . i 'll take my guests to a more friendly establishment ... not wanting to get indigestion over ' tea . "
0	ac was broken so super hot and by far the worst service i have ever had .... food is awesome tho .
0	add about 30 minutes to whatever deliver time they quote you , because they are slow a.f .
0	i was unhappy with the food last couple of times i was there . today was the last straw : got a roast beef , two potato cakes and pepsi ... all were disgusting ! if there were a zero , that 's what i give this restaurant !
0	patio was great ! comfy & cool atmosphere ! now on my food poisoning ! my lobster ravioli was disgusting ( as my sister said in her review ) . very little lobster , pasta was hard & thick , & spices were so overwhelming . i think they put so much spice to cover up the fact that food was off ! i shared my dish with bro-in-law since i detested flavour , and we both were very sick for 1 / 2 day . woke up at 5am & basically stayed in washroom till noon . getting food poisoning at such a fancy , expensive restaurant is surprising , but true . i 'll never go again , except maybe 4 drinks on patio !
0	the apple has lost it shine already from the recently opened establishment . service was less the adequate , however at least the bartender , did not require an explanation of neat . i hope they can turn it around , but all the signs for failure are there .
0	the food might have been good if we had a chance to speak to someone who worked there . when we asked if we could place our order with someone clearly paid a wage to be there we were told " not with me . " left to lo lo 's chicken & waffles instead .
0	an all around disagreeable experience . server was nice though . that 's all .
0	took my friends for a birthday dinner . 2 out of 4 dinners were wrong . took 10 minutes to bring the correct order after the rest of us finished . baked potatoes luke warm and under cooked . service good . manager did the right thing and took the bad dinners off the bill . no plans on returning
0	the order of nachos and the fries / onion rings was burnt to the point it was not edible . both items sadly do not require any culinary skills and a mere acknowledgement would have been better . when that was pointed out to the manager there was no recourse available other than an offer for a complimentary dessert . fast food joints will do a better job with customer service than this horrible excuse of a neighborhood bar and sports grill . want to add that the service by the server and hostess was satisfactory .
0	70 % of the people in there after 9pm were small children , completely unattended . parental fail ! i could just sneak a flask into chuck e cheese for a fraction of the cost . never again .
0	fries are not full . half empty is more likely . this mcdonalds has gone down hill over the years . i have gone there since they opened . it 's not the same anymore . didn 't give us ranch either for nuggets .
0	we ordered online and upon pick-up we were told " you ordered the wrong thing . " the sandwich was super dry , driest turkey i ever had , and the thick , stale bread was just gross . $ 16 for a bad sub is just ridiculous . we won 't be visiting here again .
0	why say you 're open late but won 't accommodate your customers ? ?
0	total cross contamination . do not eat here if your gluten free . the manager thought that rinsing the ladle made it gluten free .
0	they do not . this is the reason i came here . they need to update .
0	this is a real shame . two different staff members stirred the old gluten free mix on two different days and said the same thing " would not have enough . "
0	they just ignored my request . i don 't see any supervision . someone just stormed out because of lack of caring . hope they have a lot of working capital to keep this place open !
0	when she took it back and told them , they laughed at her . if i could shut this place down i would ! disgusting , immature staff .
0	it is damaging to his brand . this is a step ( maybe ) above wendys and costs 4x . burger was ok , margs are too sweet . decor is horrid , staff was friendly but seemed disorganized . our margs came after we finished eating . if he is going for fast food joint he should price it as such . headed to shake shack next time .
0	the wings i ordered were ice cold ! when i brought them back to the counter , the lady said nothing and threw them into a microwave . i kid you not ! if you want good wings , try another location . pros : i didn 't get e-coli .
0	this place has a poor selection and is overpriced . i want to like this place , but it 's overpriced junk . better off participating in a csa .
0	we ended up with a partially wrong breakfast and the mc muffin was really dried out . i for one am sick and tired of mc donald help that are either or both stupid and dumb . i read that if they paid a decent wage ( $ 12 per hour ) the cost of a meal would only rise .20 cents and maybe we could get good service . both my wife and i said to ourselves it 's the last time we are going to go to mc donalds until they straighten out their help .
0	our server was clueless when one person ordered a sangria , two trips later she confirmed it could be made . five drinks @ a total cost of $ 105 is ridiculous ! i now understand why there was no wait . the menu was limited and not appealing to our group overall .
0	honestly , the buffet there was better and less expensive than mandalay bay . seriously . for breakfast on a monday morning , the bayside buffet was crowded , the food was cold and mostly inedible . tons of country gravy everywhere , but not a biscuit to be found ! and someone needs to tell the folks at mgm that cold tater tots don 't make people want to come back to your buffet . this was a bad breakfast that cost a lot of money .
0	lettuce was wilted and wet which made everything else wet and as far as the extras ... not much . i was so looking forward to trying this place but i doubt if we will ever get a salad from this place again . if you specialize in salads the lettuce at least needs to be fresh .
0	really disappointed ... food was mediocre ... we will never go back .
0	tried a few things , doesn 't matter what . why ? because there were only 4 tables dining in and our wait time was 1 1 / 2 hour . no joke , i timed it . why wait that long ? so you don 't have to . you 're welcome yelpers : - )
0	we had an hour , so ordered immediately when we got there . the menu looked good , but we ended up not even getting our food . we waited for 50 minutes , and finally had to leave so we weren 't late to our class . the couple next to us waited 45 minutes for their food , and their order was wrong . we were extremely disappointed , especially in the service . the staff did not care to check on the progress of our order , when we asked continually . will never go to this location again . very disappointing .
0	still no-one came so i left if being seated is so difficult i can only imagine how my dining experience would be .
0	this place is nothing special at all . could be any second rate buffet anywhere . dry , cardboard textured fish , wet , over-dressed salads , soggy pizza , and what i would consider a lack of choice . oh , we also sat at a table surrounded by tables that had not been cleaned - dirty dished heaped around us . the value is there if your going to make 16 runs to the crab claw and shrimp table as most where doing with crab legs stacked 18 inches high on a plate . my advice - skip this place !
0	true story , exact same . this part is not a knock , just truth . appetizer bread frozen in the middle , what the heck pasta subsitution is apparently a chore , and was looked down upon . angelhair pasta not offered here . al dente only , dont ask for anything else . no parmesan offered with pasta beer selection limited , bummer . table service limited , meh basically , i expect this level of selection and service from fast food , not a restaurant . very disappointing . asked for refund on entrees , received . very disappointing
0	sad face . the quiche was literally the worst i have ever had . there was a fruit fly in my drink . based on some of the other reviews , i am apparently not the only one who has had this happen . way overpriced . it is too bad because i love breakfast and look forward to a morning out on a weekend with good food and friends .
0	but , upon my recent visit , you 're literally better off going anywhere else . while i was waiting for my iphone to be repaired , the wife and i remember what a good experience we had at mcfadden 's in the past and decided to get a few appetizers while we waited . long story short , spent $ 30 on 5 chicken fingers smaller than bk chicken fries and some tater tots soaked in sour cream . we ate 1 finger , a few bites of the microwaved tots and bounced . absolutely disgusting . will not be back .
0	sadly , today was not the first time this has happened to me . plus the four strips i did receive were cold and tasted like they had been sitting there for a while . yuck . get it together , popeye 's !
0	i will never order from a place again ! ! being from buffalo i wanted to support this company .. but this lady obviously doesn 't care about pleasing the customer . you just lost another customer
0	this place is really disappointing . they drench the ribs in sauce and after going knee deep in it you have to arm wrestle the ribs to separate them . my friend also got the rib tips and was sick afterwards ...
0	my family and i went on new years day and had two little kids with us . the hostess alerted our server twice about us and he still never came up to us . waited about ten minutes then walked out . this place was not busy either ! pretty sad because i have loved bjs on the west coast .
0	dingy , dirty bar . service was outrageously slow . drinks were not very good . i 'd suggest exploring other nearby options .
0	a french dip that 's twice the price and half the size of arbys , and almost not as good .
0	he talks on the phone while checking you out and doesnt even acknowledge the customer . will avoid this place just so i dont have to see him .
0	he went to pennsylvania culinary and i cooked in various restaurants for 10 years . we both had a soup and sandwich combo . the soup of the day was chicken noodle . there was a lot of something in that soup . it was so overpowering we couldnt figure out what it was . in fact he just sent me a text in all caps saying it was killing him not knowing . i have a feeling this soup will be a topic of conversation for a long time .
0	when it came to being seated the manager told us that they had a dress code and having cleavage was not acceptable . i have never been more offended as a woman enduring this sexist attitude .
0	the only thing that was fresh was the ice tea . i think the fries and burger had been in a warmer for a few hours . well not be back too this carl jrs . i only rated it a one star because i can 't leave it black .
0	we opted for paganio 's ... we won 't make this mistake again . the service was incredibly slow . our server failed to remember to bring water after several requests . my poorly grilled " grilled cheese sandwich " was a step up from the plate my friend received . undercooked eggs and missing pancakes left much to be desired .
0	we both had upset stomach ( i must have farted like 50 times after the meal ) and progressed on to diarrhea over the course of 24 hours . fyi i 've had drupatis roti and doubles before without any issues . if you 've had the same experience after eating at this place on friday sept 16 , 2016 , you are not alone . something is horribly wrong with drupati . if i can rate it zero star , i definitely would !
0	the server appeared to be unhappy and unfriendly . the place was very worn ( the bathroom was filthy ) . plates on table had food particles on them . everything except the appetizer i had to have a second choice for including the beer . the food took quite a while and when it arrived it was cold and the meat tough . i was not pleased with the whole experience . advice to server : a little kindness and an apology can smooth over a bad dining situation .
0	" the waitress said it was the owner 's decision , and that it includes milo 's coupons from entertainment books , even when torn directly from the book , as well as restaurant.com certificates , which have serial numbers , authorization codes , and a toll-free number vendors can call to verify the authenticity of the certificate . i find it insulting that a business owner would generate coupons , then accuse anyone who buys them and tries to use them of " fraud . " i won 't bother going back to milo 's . there are plenty of great restaurants just minutes from boulder city .
0	my friend had the fish tacos . my salad greens were dead : limp & tasteless , there were no parmesan chips and the chicken chunks were so tough i could barely chew them . my friend 's fish was tough as well . i won 't return if this is the chef 's idea of actual food . safari has a lot of nerve serving this garbage . we have been patrons for years . what happened , safari ?
0	i order my first 20 and about half way through i bit into a chicken that was still red inside . bone and meat ! i brought it to the waitress kelly attention and she said ok i 'll show the cook . by then i was turned off and grossed out . got my bill and the chicken was still on there . not even % 50 off ! ! where was the customer service ! would like a manger follow up . also called the location twice today and the phone just kept ringing !
0	a friend of mine and myself drifted in to the landing one afternoon and noticed a strong smell of burning rubber ? we mentioned it to the server behind the bar , and she said " yea , i know , several people have mentioned this , and we have mentioned it to the owner , he won 't do anything " enough said .
0	i remembered my review and the update i have . i was contacted by the manager and he apologized . which was all i wanted . he offered to send me a gift card that i could print out from my email . which was really going above and beyond to make it up to me . however i never received that email . i don 't want to sound like i 'm trying to get anything for free , but if you offer something to someone you already screwed over you should probably follow through .
0	luckily it was happy hour prices at bar only . we choose our cheese expecting to get lots to dip with and given small servings of apples and veggies . and very little bread . the salads were good but not worth the price . we were still hungry afterwards which if your going to charge 9 dollars for your fondue it better come with a lot more stuff to dip with . getting meat was extra pricey . will not be back cause parking sucks , portions for price small and drinks okay .
0	when he returned to get his money back , they refused . this is not ok .
0	we didn 't want to eat much and spring for an expensive one . there is not much good i can say about the buffet at excalibur : ( generally , the food quality of everything was really poor . i 'm talking worse than bad mall food court fare . best item : carvery .. although even this was too chewy for my liking . worst items : the italian section , especially the dried out nasty greasy pizza . for the dinner price you can eat really good food elsewhere in vegas .
0	steak and eggs no more . adios arizona charlie 's ...
0	when i was about to leave , he came around to the front . i ordered a drink and 8 wings . he rang up the wings , and ignored me twice when i mentioned that i also wanted a drink . the wings were ok tho . service was terrifyingly aweful , the food was what i expected .
0	service is usually slow . the cooks don 't really know how to cook properly . not impressed at all . if you want a sit down late night , go to arizona charlie 's .
0	after 15 more minutes , we still didn 't have our drinks and didn 't see our server anywhere . we left . don 't bother .
0	the manager passed our table 4 times and did not even ask if we needed a drink or even to be helped . wonder what the food tastes like ?
0	the self-checkout dispensed to us a counterfeit $ 20 bill , which was deemed by managers karen and belinda , " nothing we can do anything about . " so they can give us fake money , feign innocence , and we have absolutely no recourse . we are out $ 20 . luckily , safeway is just as close by and folks are very friendly . too bad it is more expensive !
0	the waitresses more so becky is the best . do not go into the men 's restroom you will lose your appetite . as far as the salad bar if you like little children who get to act like adults and serve themselves at your health expense have at it . time . for . a. remodle . ! !
0	seek out another place selling a quality dog ( like hebrew national or even nathan 's ) instead of this . nice view from the outdoor patio though .
0	great place however the manager does not belong there . no followup or concern .
0	everything was wrong with latest order . never order take away from here ! they never ever get it right . both meals wound up being thrown away . avoid ! !
0	just fine. and then i just waited and waited and waited .. more than one time i tried to contact the staff but was told that they would have " my waiter " come ... i waited some more and after 15 mins of being completely ignored i choose to leave the place again . maybe this place was good food , but i do not like being ignored . if the place is too busy and you cant handle the load , stop taking in more guests .....
0	this place will not be visited by me again . this will be awarded the esheg award . coming soon on www . esheg.com
0	they 're after plan to be served by teenage girls ... who have nothing better to do than chew gum .
0	they should state that they have different lobby and drive through hours
0	we ordered our drinks and food because we were starving ! it took an hour before the waiter checked on us and when we asked the status of our food he told us the kitchen had only just started it . we ordered a couple reubens , a wrap , a breakfast burrito , and kids butter pasta ( which had absolutely no flavor ) . then after another waitress brings us the food we don 't see our original waiter until we are finished paying the check . the food itself wasn 't worth the wait or the hubbub . i 'd rather go to the dish in charlotte .
0	ordered the breakfast tacos added a pabalano pepper , got a jalapeño cut in half raw with seeds , not warm not roasted not pabalano . no sauce in the tacos like the menu described , condiments delivered with empty ketchup bottle , asked for replacement never got it , had to get up and find it myself.food is not at all special . i did speak to the management , took my meal off the bill , offered a gift card , i declined as this is not a place i will try again .
0	, they were awful and i couldn 't eat them . when i asked for more coffee you would have thought i had committed a crime , good lord . when i went looking for the waiter a . j . who was useless , to get milk for my coffee he gave me a filthy look . my boyfriend spoke up to the manager . very bad service for at least the second time from a .j .. we will not be going back , besides the wings were bad and couldn 't be eaten , we were having a great day until we went to montanas . no waiter should give a costumer a dirty look like that . this place should get a minus .
0	i ordered the my burger the " least amount that i can get it . " the server , andrew , advised that their policy was that medium was the least they can do , but that it was pink throughout . as you can see from the picture , it came out well done . if you are a burger place , how about finding someone who can cook a burger ? ? so irritating and disappointing . i 'll never return .
0	my husband and i were flummoxed . it was the worst fish and chips we have ever had . frozen from the grocery store tastes better .
0	terrible food . what is all the hype about ? ordered a tractor special and a smoked chicken scramble . the smoked chicken had a terrible flavor . the eggs were over cooked . had a hair in my potatoes and in my strawberry jam . the only good thing about this place was the server bringing us our check 3 minutes into our meal , so we could get out of their asap ! i 'll stick too egg works and egg & i
0	possibly the worst hamburger i 've ever had . had the same flavor as the old soy mix cafeteria burgers we had in grade school . dreadful . waitress we had was awesome , food was horrible .
0	i ordered a salad with salmon , and there were only very small crumbs of salmon on it .... unbelievable ! ! ! i 'm upset at myself for not saying something when i was there . the fries are also very greasy .
0	sadly , it is not . still dirty . service was poor . two single bacon cheeseburgers , a large plain fry and two chocolate shakes were just over $ 32 . i asked for a receipt and was told they don 't give them . wtf ? if i was alone , i would have just cancelled and left right then for that alone . burger patties were way over cooked but the cheese was cold and grainy . i had to wipe the grease off the bun before eating and the shakes tasted like the milk was old . i wont try them again .
0	most of us were 1st time diners and i have to say we will never dine with you again ! plain and simple food was delicious but service from nick was horrible . he was very rude and short . we will be spending our money elsewhere .
0	does not understand the value of franchise accounts . don 't bother .
0	after a good dinner , while eating desert , we were told to leave as they had another party expected for a reservation in 10 minutes
0	i order the most basics of greek food , a " gyro . " now , you would think this corporation would at least get this right , no . the meat was dry and four pieces of what passes for tomatoes in america these days , were just awful . so its on to the humus and pita bread . i mean did they store the pita in a steamer ? two of the most basics , ruined and awful .
0	the waitress missed 2 items on our order and did not come back for drink refills until after 3 people were done eating . it then took another 10 minutes to get our bill . the manager can over and i wanted to tell him how bad the service was , but he did not let any of us finish the food in our mouth before waking away . this is my worst buffalo wild wings experience and i will not be back for a long time .
0	the cafe 's decor emulates a fine dinning restaurant , but the food and the service spoke otherwise . there was a short line even though many tables were available . my fettuccine alfredo was bland and creamy ( not in a good way ) . the waiter never bothered to refill our water glasses . i constantly get the feeling that bellagio is trying to create the " exclusive " and " better than thou " atmosphere , but at least have the goods to deserve such titles .
0	filthy rag . i was at the table for 2 minutes , and decided to get out of this place . because if the sanitary standards of this cafe are this non existent , just think about the food in the back ! i do not want to spend good money at a busted , washed up stinky place , when there are sooo many other dining options .
0	we we seated at 615pm which was our reservation . 2 adults , 2 kids . no bread was given to us as it was to others . took 10 minutes for drinks . food was delivered 45 minutes after that . dessert was quick but really really bad . peach cobbler was disgusting . their meat loaf was a hamburger cut in 2 the gravy was good drinks stayed empty for 10-15 minutes . we left after about 2 hours after we were seated . not sure if they were short staff or what but wasn 't as good as people say others that were sitting around us were complaining also
0	it wasn 't . we both ordered the ribs ith different side orders ( fries , beans ... etc ) the food is greasy , it thrown on a paper plate and served in a sloppy fast food style . we left without eating our plates .
0	i was disappointed with the " best hamburger in las vegas . " for $ 9.00 i got a burnt burger , a large bun , only a slice of tomato and lettuce leaf ( nothing else ) . not what i expected , i doubt i will be going back .
0	definitely not one of the top 100 places to eat in las vegas . the service was poor , the coffee was cold , and the food was expensive and not worth the price . definitely will never come back here for a meal .
0	their pitts-burgher cheese steak wasn 't made of steak ; it 's a hamburger patty that has a funny taste . the bread was plain ol ' thick cut white bread . the fries were greasy & under cooked . coleslaw was ok , but i 'm not usually a fan anyway . the meat on my sister 's sandwich ( i think she ordered the pastrami ) was so paper thin , we couldn 't really detect the taste of it when we took a bite . am i glad i can cross it off my bucket list ? sure . would i recommend or eat there again ? nope .
0	i eat breakfast out 3-4 times a week and will not be going back . the only thing i liked a little was a muffin supposedly made on premises ( costcos are better ) eggs potatoes and bacon were tasteless and toast was nothing to write home about . for my money the lakes lounge and black bear diner are far superior . only a few people in restaurant with 4 people in kitchen and 2 in front behind counter . order at counter and they bring it to your table . they give you a paper cup when you pay and you serve yourself coffee . truly a disappointment . maybe a vegan would enjoy it more but i 'm not one
0	if you don 't live in a major metropolitan city that has good food then you might find this place cool , hip and tasty ... just like denny 's ..... but if you know better ... you 'll know that large portions don 't equal good food ! ! ! this place should be nominated for a " killyoself award "
0	add spoiled cole slaw and nothing tastes good . i definitely appreciate the college town feel of the place , however the food is awful . everyone talks about it being an experience , and it actually is an experience , one you do not need to try . stay away , not good !
0	i should have not waited . i should have not even wasted my money going there . first off , the order was wrong . i ordered the nashville chicken tenders . three thin , heavily breaded chicken tenders sitting in a puddle of grease with one pickle slice on it . my biscuit was saturated in that grease too . i didn 't get my mashed potatoes & gravy that i ordered . the cold slaw was good , typical kfc coleslaw . my friend just kept saying that it was not near as good as it used to be . i gave it a try , but won 't go back . it is definitely not the kfc i grew up with .
0	first of all , for there being no lunch rush to speak of , the service : horrible . on to the food . though it matched the description on the menu , it certainly does not live up to the hype if internet buzz , or word of mouth . neither of us are interested in a return trip .
0	the service was fine , but the restaurant itself was noisy and crowded . i had a foie gras appetizer and the bison tartare , but neither was anything special and the tartare was too heavy on capers . the food was expensive and just wasn 't the good . after all the hype and waiting until 9pm just to get a table , i was expecting a dining experience and instead got just a meal .
0	boy , was i wrong . i went in at 11 : 30 , they were not busy , only a few people there . i stood at the counter " waiting to be seated " for 5 minutes . a server walked right by me , looked and then continued on with me just standing there . it is ashamed that indifference from employees can run customers off .
0	we purchased 3 burgers and fries , one man burger and 2 double down burgers . all were supposed to be cooked at medium well and none of them were . the man burger was almost rare and the other burgers were probably medium . it 's to bad i couldn 't take the burgers back because we live over 12 miles away or could of checked them before i left because 38 dollars for this gross food is terrible ! my son couldn 't even eat the man burger since it was pretty much raw so peanut butter and jelly it is at 10 : 30 at night . very disappointed !
0	let me first start by saying .... save your money by not going here . very expensive for hometown buffet quality food . go to caeser 's buffet . very expensive , bad attempt at sushi , bad quality seafood , and horrible service . went for dinner and it is poorly lit and servers are hardly ever around . go somewhere else !
0	not red but raw opened it up and it looks like the cooked it on each side long enough to look cooked on one side you can tell it fell apart while cooking ! my son and i where in a while back and ordered burgers and it was polar opposite medium was cooked to beyond well done . last time i will ever eat here again !
0	wow , were we disappointed . after we quickly ordered , we waited 40 minutes for our drinks . then our dinner came and 1 / 2 was incorrect . our server mark seemed brand new . he also seemed like he didn 't care , quickly brushing off our inquiries and requests for updates , blaming the volume of patrons . we felt like we were not important and a bother . the place seemed neat , but we were very disappointed with our service .
0	we waited for about 25 minutes at the drive-thru for someone to help us and only to be helped by a woman with attitude . after paying we asked for ranch and buffalo only to be told they don 't have any ranch or any condiments whatsoever . the woman also had a big attitude when i asked her for a cup of ice .
0	this business comes to a grinding halt . they had good promise to be better than its original popeyes start but without a clear vision and diversifying into different areas other than louisiana chicken related products and staff that did not care of the business did them in . rip
0	i have to say i was extremely disappointed by the wait staff not being able to comprehend a simple drink order such as a pepsi . after i received my meal i have to say their portions of their dishes are very mismatched . i would not recommend going for food , maybe a beer , but not food .
0	the kitchen was totally understaffed and who knew when our food would have come . so disappointing !
0	its a mess in the place and they are not organized
0	they don 't have what it takes to accommodate families . i didn 't get to eat here and never will but i can tell their customer service is seriously lacking !
0	after looking through the menu that is quite pricey , we settled on getting an iced green tea . what we were served at $ 3 a pop was a large glass of water with a splash of green tea mio ? ? that 's the only way i can describe it . i would recommend the scenery but not this restaurant ; pack a lunch and consider hiking the nearby hills ; not worth what they are charging at this place .
0	the line was hella long , so we went downstairs to the henry . worse mistake of the night . the food was terrible ! i got the country fried steak and it tasted so bad . the meat was all mushy and not seasoned at all . the gravy tasted bland as well . definitely not worth $ 19 . the bill was over $ 200 and no one in my party thought the food was anywhere near that price . the service wasn 't great either . the waiter took our order , brought out the food , and never came back . i recommend you pass this up . plenty of other options on the strip . the end .
0	several of us purchased the cheeseburger combo and all of us had the same lowest quality burger . the burger was something you 'd find in the back dumpster of a fast food restaurant . stale bread , cold meat soft lettuce and tomatoes sliced from days before . i myself puked once returning to the hotel . everyone was dissatisfied and remember the meal as their worse ever .
0	fail . everything tasted old and was poorly made . this location defiantly doesn 't have the same consistency and care as other locations . salad anyone ? ?
0	waited at least 15 minutes and again went inside to let someone know we were outside . there was 2 tables in the entire restaurant ! and 2 bartenders ! walked out because they obviously didn 't want our service !
0	add this one to the list -watered down drinks and overpriced food that was fair to middling-sorry lorenzo you were very nice but the mushroom risotto was a big pile of bland mush.if i wasn 't vegetarian i would ordered the lamb like you suggested .
0	i ordered one of the signature dishes ( fried chicken ) that they have highlighted as being one of there best items . the chicken was not cooked fully , somewhat bloody . the service and atmosphere was pretty good but i will not come here again nor would i recommend this restaurant .
0	when we stated that their website says they close at 10 : 00 , the hostess informed us that the restaurant has an " open-close " policy ... which means they are open to decide when to close . so , we went down the street to another establishment that was extremely happy to have our business . why publish closing hours if they are not valid . this is no way to run a business .
0	we could not tell you how the food was because we left after forty minutes of waiting . bottom line ... this place sucks !
0	well after years of looking , i finally found a place with a worse buffet than circus circus . there was litterally nothing edible other than the salad which was borderline . if you are on a diet , this is the buffet for you . they had several things that were unidentifiable . we couldn 't even eat the soup . dissapointing because the concept seemed good and the kitch level is mid to high .
0	long story short the kitchen vs servers were openly fighting . twenty minutes to get some biscuits , forty five to get our meals . i complained and they gave me 25 % off but i would rather have my lost hour back . btw my wife 's order was wrong but she ate it ... we didn 't have another hour to wait for them to fix it . as we checked out we had to pass a large group of people waiting for their take-out orders . they really looked steamed . this one is now permanently off our list .
0	seems like the wait staff needs help and the kitchen as well . not impressed with the experience : (
0	fail ! went in and " waited to be seated " close to 5 minutes . finally someone came to greet us only to say , " the hostess will be right with you . " ugh ! with less than 20 people in the establishment is it so hard for someone to take on the hostess responsubility for the sake of engaging with a new customer in under 10 minutes from the time they walk in the door ? # restaurantrescue .
0	the manager by the name of ryan was very disrespectful and rude . i had gotten extra steak in my meal and was charged for it . upon receiving the meal i see that it was less steak and just topped off with rice . i explained my case to the " manager " and he denied it and said " if i wasn 't happy , i can go to the other side of phoenix and have low quality food . " i didn 't even receive my money back for something i didn 't get and i left the store upset . i will be doing a follow up on this matter and i will never step foot into this place again .
0	the last two visits to get 2 sandwiches to go were beyond terrible . my husband 's pastrami was so bad it ended up in the garbage . it smelled rancid and there were really no pieces of meat , just crumbs . my turkey / cranberry was also bad . the " turkey " had no resemblance to the taste of turkey and the parmesan bread was so stale it was crumbly . the price of the sandwiches do not reflect the quality of years gone by . might as well go to subway .
0	store was clean , but the service was very slack . the shakes were all poorly made , and the resulting taste was a reflection of pure laziness and apathy . while concord mills and indian trail cook out may be on game , i would suggest gas station hot dogs over this place . don 't waste your time , money and calories here .
0	i 've seen more selection and have tasted better food elsewhere . and to top it off , we were told by a server that we were not seated in her section when we asked for a refill on our iced tea after having empty glasses for 20 minutes . wont come back here again for sure .
0	my experience today was a very negative one being back to workers were here seems to be new and they did not know the difference of what was an order of fries and what was an entrée such as chicken wings or sliders . my first choice could not be made because they were out of aioli and my second choice could not be made because they were out of seaside sauce how can you be out of two sauces when you 're not a busy establishment at all and you just reopened .
0	which i had to then take back to my office to eat . i 'm not even sure i want to go back for take out . very unprofessional
0	the cappuccino was mostly milk , not even drinkable , blueberries used in waffle were likely canned . " house made syrup " was just sugar water . eggs and tomatoes were tasty , but not worth the hassles . they gave us coupons for free meals at the end because it was such a disaster , but we won 't go back . also be aware that there is no diaper changing station .
0	food is good but not worth the terrible service !
0	thank you for making this review so easy . that is all .
0	wrong . after sitting for 1 hour and 15 mins and no food , we left . good sweet tea . spoke to three people in their and none of them were happy . i don 't plan to return for a while .
0	we then waited 20-25 minutes without anyone coming to our table . no drinks , appetizers , etc . tables all around us were being served but not us . that was long enough . we got up and left . terrible service .
0	since we 've been here twice before and the food is always just average ( extremely boring menu ) don 't think we 'll be back . what a shame since there are not too many breweries on this side of town .
0	we finally flagged her down after waiting 45 minutes for our food and she said the food would be right out . she then proceeded to ignore us for 15 more minutes . the host then came over and asked if everything was okay . we told him it had now been an hour with no food & no service . no one even checked on our drinks . the host went back into the kitchen and we could see him shuffling through tickets . he then returned and said he could have something in about 5 minutes . needless to say we left .
0	the food was ok , the prices were high for a cafe . never going back .
0	after 15 minutes they arrived . we ordered shortly after and the meal was served fairly quickly . unfortunately , we didn 't have any silverware . my wife 's food was cold , i had to get extra tarter sauce for myself . i had one beer and she never asked if i wanted another . one person never received the water he requested . overall the dining experience was unsatisfactory .
0	as time went on we watched 5 tables around us seated with more breakfast goers . the same waitress helped those tables as well as ours . about 30 minutes in all the tables around us were served food and we were still sitting there with no food and our drink ran dry . others after us ate and had left and then so did i. this dennys needs to work on a few things
0	after taking our drink and meal orders , we proceeded to wait another 45 minutes for bread and our drinks . she comp 'd our drinks and told us our food would be out shortly . 15 minutes later , we received ' meh ' food . they , were not especially busy , but we noticed most of the people around us were waiting significant amounts of time as well for service and food . overall , one of the worst restaurant experiences ever . would not recommend .
0	asked for water and after 10 minute wait still no service . seemed like wait staff didn 't know who was assigned to our table . it was our first time and expected much more after other reviews . all this and the restaurant was not crowded . we decided to leave and dine at olive and ivy . better choice .
0	we ordered a sprite . the resturant was not that busy . it took over 15 minutes to get said sprite . when the waiter was asked again he said one moment . ( he forgot ) . the 2 female waitresses were more concerned with flirting with a single male patron then their actual job . what a waste of time . the menu 's and empty played were never removed from out table . sorry tgif i won 't be back . evan you failed at providing a great experience .
0	it was a medium volume night , and our service was slow , the food was good but not spectacular , and the prices were high . even for vegas standards . i 've never written a review before , but our experience was so lousy that it inspired me . go to the italian or chinese place right beside john cutter .
0	when i say raw i don 't mean under cooked a bit ... i mean r-a-w ... the outside had just been browned . yes , mistakes happen ... but when i 'm paying a higher price for a gourmet burger .. i expect it to be ... at very least ... cooked .
0	they passed out bingo cards then announced the # s . make a long story short , i hit the bingo which paid $ 100 . however , they wouldn 't give it to me without getting my ssn . i walked out . what a rip off !
0	i thought this was fast food . after finally getting an answer from a rude employee , she told me my order was wrong and they had to redo it . one burger and one order of fries . not that complicated . they finally got it right and she hands me the tray without any apologies or thank you for waiting . save your time and skip this place . you can get a burger and fries this mediocre anywhere .
0	after waiting for about 6 mins. we were finally greeted . i asked if there are any happy hour or beer specials , and received the simple reply : " no . " we ordered $ 5.25 draft beer , and reviewed the menu . after about 10 mins . , she finally asked if we would like to order ... no . very disappointed in the service at a place the employees are supposed to make you feel welcomed .
0	i ordered the regular on the garlic bread which they were out of , they were charging extra dollars for extra toppings , so i just settled for a basic grilled cheese on white bread .. which with tax and all was $ 15.00 and tasted like card board ! ! i bet my parents cat can whip up a better grilled cheese then this place and the saddest part is grilled cheese is what they are " known " for ! i give this place a must skip on the west side !
0	i am disgusted , never ordering from here again .
0	my mistake . the baby back ribs were overdone , like they 'd been sitting in the oven since the early morning . since i had a to-go order , i was the " winner " by receiving ribs that were tough and dry . not a " best ribs " place at all . less than a 1-star rating .
0	they also have too many bad table locations with zero ambiance . especially if you come in after the morning rush since multiple tables stay dirty for long periods of time . there are important factors other than food that make a cafe a good one , in my opinion . we tried their summerlin location but that one has even worse customer service . it must be a chain thing . save yourself some money and time . there are way too many great breakfast places in this city to go to a mediocre one like this one .
0	an order of popcorn chicken ( to which she reminds us that we can 't have potato wedges unless we wait - fine we don 't want the damn potato wedges ) and 2 extra biscuits . so we are laughing while waiting for our food that a kfc doesn 't have chicken ... and my boyfriend says at least ill get my lemonade , can 't screw that up so the time comes and we get our food and there are no biscuits and .... they gave my boyfriend a flat ass coke colored drink so they did fuck up lemonade
0	" no cheese on the omelet please " ... " sorry we can 't do that ... " wtf man ? even after talking to the manager we were told " tough shit basically . " after waiting over an hour for a seat on a busy sunday morning .... wasted our time . what a shame . school used to be good . now it seems they are a bit too pompous .
0	a lot of waiting , and the food sucks . the only shining light of our meal was our friendly waitress who sadly had to go on her break and left us with a mix of awful waitresses who could care less about us since they had nothing to gain . the food was cold and basically flavorless but at $ 9.99 i 'm sure they could 've served cardboard and the jew in me still would 've ordered the special . i can 't help myself . but i do know one thing , and that is to never come back to purgatory again . i 'd rather go straight to hell !
0	i gave them two chances and they failed both times . i ordered a 6oz burger combo take out . by the time i got to my car , the burger was " luke warm " almost cold . the fries were not cooked like before . miss the indian lady who ran that shop . i wont ' be going back . i 'm going to south street instead .
0	they commit all the mortal sins of the chain restaurant circa 1995 : they marinate hell out of the meat giving it uncharacteristic formaldehyde taste of a cow cadaver , they serve only white wonder bread along rusty iceberg salad with rotten tomatoes , and then they bring out diluted coffee along with tapioca pudding . we came as ravenously hungry thriving group of carnivores and left as fools who just got fed the garbage . i returned home nauseated and questioning the reality .
0	' it was terrible ... barely filled the container and was missing some of the usual ingredients . i think i found two blueberries and three pecans . terrible !
0	i already had a footlong hotdog with chili , but my body was screaming for more food . i went to the pizza shop and ordered some kind of spicy pizza . wasn 't feeling it and no i 'm not a pizza snob , far from it , i love totino 's frozen pizza for god 's sake , but this pizza was probably top 5 of crappy pizza . the only good thing about it was that it lured me away from the tables long enough to stop giving the casino all of my money . my advice , stick to the $ 1.99 footlong hotdogs
0	even though the shop was nearly empty , the staff was indifferent and they forgot what i ordered multiple times . the chicken parm sub i ordered was a hot bland mess . instead of crispy breaded chicken inside , it had plain unseasoned chicken slices which was covered in cheese and a sauce one step away from ketchup . to top it all off the sub was microwaved , which made the inside insanely hot and turned to bread to rubber . maybe their regulars subs are better , but the next time i spend $ 10 on a sub and soda , it definitely won 't be here .
0	so i placed an order for pickup after work . first , the girl who took my order was talking to and laughing with someone she was with while i was trying to give her my order .. she said it was her co worker .. anyway , i ordered 12 traditional wings , hot . picked up the order , in a wrapped up brown paper bag and drove home . opened the bag .. not what i ordered . they were parmesan garlic if i had to guess . they were fine tasting for what they were , i just don 't prefer parmesan garlic wings , which is why i ordered hot . i was severely disappointed and my hot wing craving went unfulfilled .
0	unfortunately it could not even compare to a big fat greek restuarant and had me regretting my decision as soon as i got my food . the atmosphere was sketchy and the food not quality . i will not be returning to this establishment and would not reccomend it to others if you 're looking for anything remotely close to bfg restaurants .
0	the 1 thing they all had in common was the chicken and biscuit special . sad because we loved this place .
0	when i aked to talk to the the food manager i was told there was nobody there with a food managers card . this is a huge violation of the health code ! handling ready to eat food with bear hands is a critical violation and there is supposed to be a food manager presant at all times . when i brought this to their attention their responce was " oh , you can call later and the manager might be in . " too bad because the food was pretty good and at a decent price . i just hope she washed her hands after using the bathroom
0	i 'll give them an e for effort . the fries needed some viagra . they went limp after 2 min . i 'll be waving across the street next time over at 5 girls .
0	i 'm pretty sure my food was under cooked , another person in my party ate the chicken wings , that we 're also undercooked looking back now and experience the same food poisoning . avoid this place ! ! ! unless you want to be in misery for the next couple days .
0	we came for lunch to find no one was in sight to greet or seat us . due to the fact we walked quite a ways to get there since we wanted " good bbq food , " we seated ourselves and waited over 15 mins for a rude server ( sonia ) to approach us . the overall service she provided was less than good and the food was very expensive and barely edible ( the ribs were cold and chewy ) . stay away from this place . there are so many better options on the strip . this was a terrible experience .
0	after eating you 're pizza me and my husband got extremely sick and threw up for 2 days he had to stay home from work it was that bad .
0	what a mistake that turned out to be . upon entering the place was about 50 % occupied , with much of the staff appearing quite relaxed . we were greeted and seated promptly , but after waiting for upwards of 15 minutes without being greeted , i realized coming here was a mistake . i observed the servers making their rounds to each of their tables , even greeting those sat after me . at this point my frustration rose , and i walked out , stopping at the hostess stand to inform her of my experience . she just looked at me with a blank face . i will not be giving them another chance , and would encourage anyone else not to go either .
0	i hope fatburger comes back , and this place goes back to wherever it 's from . 2nd trip we had the arizona burger , fries , onion haystack and soft drink x2 and spent just under $ 30 bucks .
0	i didn 't mind the cafeteria type service , which means we wait in line to order and then when our number is called we pick up our order . i ordered fish tacos , my wife- beef tacos and my son mac and cheese . when i got our food , it was cold ! mind you we were the 2nd people in line ! the fish was not fresh , it reminded of frozen fish tater tots ! my wife 's beef was tough ! the kicker was even my 4 yo old son spit his mac and cheese out ! he said it was yucky ! ! ! how can anyone mess up mac and cheese ! stay away from this place
0	for me it was just horrible . the fish batter as just too much and the fish tasted as if it was not washed with lime or vinegar before being cooked , so i could hard keep it down . i don 't know others seem to like it ... ( after all it has 4.5 stars here ) but i won 't come back here .
0	never heard back from holsteins , which to me , is one of the hallmarks of poor customer service . the burger was dry , tasteless and very expensive . don 't mind paying nearly $ 20 for a burger , but it should be damned near as good as a burger can get . save your dough and go to any fast food drive-in for your burger ; it will taste better , and you 'll have enough scratch left over for a movie .
0	she came back , gave us the details , and we ordered . upon leaving the restaurant , this time the cashier was " coupon clueless " and called for the same manager . he said the waitress made a mistake and once again we were " in violation . " : - ) ) long story short , the manager said he has a good business and didn 't need ours anymore . his wish is my command .
0	waited 30 minutes for a table outside while we watched other people just go and sit down outside without stopping by the hostess stand . they need a podium hostess stand outside on busy nights . subpar fish that was over priced . unapologetic slow staff . i get they have a great location but at some point you have to put out a good product . won 't go back until i hear from others things are changing .
0	what can go wrong with all you can eat kobe beef , right ? ! wrong ! ! what a horrible mistake we made . first of all , they charge kids 5 and over full price as adults . what a rip-off , how much can 6 yrs old eats ? ! ..... the kobe beef is such a disappointment , the meat is overcooked and dry like they are from home town buffet , i tried two different batches and they all tasted the same . i actually felt sorry for the " kobe " cows that had to die for this ... with so much other better options around vegas , we will never be back at bellagio 's buffet .
0	thankfully - they were open later . unbelievably - just like the 7-11 at 601 penn - this one also had an ac problem . again i asked the guy working the counter about it . he said it was broken and he was planning on e-mailing someone about it - he said it was over 85 degrees in there . i believe it . again , no amex accepted . cash , visa , and mc . i got what i needed and got the hell out of there .
0	after finishing my salad i found the serving spoon ( we never used it ) placed at the very bottom of our salad , was two spoons fused together by stuck on food .... literally lost appetite and can 't bring myself to go back .
0	still , mathis dump rates at the very top of the list as of today . i ordered the chicken sandwich . it was literally made with 1 / 4 breast of chicken . the salsa tasted rotten . the fries were cold . very deceptive from the crowds you see . until you realize they are only drinking . avoid this place at all costs .
0	aka no compensation offered at all . when i expressed my disappointment in this solution and said i would not likely use the service again , instead of seeking to right the situation the rep ( robin w ) cancelled my subscription . can not believe the level of disregard . we were relying on these meals and do not have a lot of funds to replace meals now with our money tied up with freshly .
0	the mashed potatoes were great no issues there but the mac and cheese was hard and inedible with my condition . we went through drive thru and they rushed us after we asked for a moment and once getting to the window to pay ther cashier was rude . never once did she say thank you or ask us how we were . pretty bad customer service .
0	i was greeted by the manager that was clearly disgruntled yelling hallowwwwwww in other words hurry up , and i let her have it cause she was rude as all hell . she then yelled back " das was what i didn 't say , don 't put words in my mouff . " it was 6 a.m yea i get it but it doesn 't give you the green light to act like a fool . what kind of southern hospitality was this ? i was nearly about to throw something at her .
0	i am not happy with our service today and i am not coming to that joint again ! ! ! ! oh and overpriced food for garbage service , not worth it ! ! ! !
0	after giving this place 2 more chances to see if things would improve which they have not , i now go elsewhere for chicago style pizza .
0	im done . the management is non-existent and when they are around , they dont give a damn about running a restaurant or customer service . the bartender i had last time was a snotty little b * * * * that acted like i was an inconvenience . too bad .. the food has been decent each time i went . its a shame to see a small local place open then start losing it over customer service . the easiest thing to fix . i think the only reason why this place is even still open is lack of options for locals .
0	i was given the impression that i would have great , long lasting results . by the end of the 6th treatment , i noticed significant difference , but no where near 100 % gone ! still , i was happy to have some impact . less then 6 months later , you would think i 'd never gone in for hair removal in the first place ! total waste of money , will not ever go back for a treatment of any kind , and will not be recommending to anyone . it 's a shame too because most of the staff was really sweet -- i wish i had something better to say .
0	i counted 10 cars receiving food / drink from the drive thru window . pushed the button 3 times total ( asking about my drink twice ) . not to mention , 5 cars total in stalls . left without a drink . poor service . you make sonic corporation look bad !
0	i bought a 6 " salad bowl that you don 't get much in it with the price of $ 6.76 , is pretty sad . the owner is david bonbara and i was told he won 't offer discounts to anyone and that 's ashame after few heroes who worked hard deserves this discounted rates . it sounds like the owner doesn 't want to give up his comfort in collecting more but only for himself and here we sacrifice our lives for his freedom !
0	i know it 's only mcdonald 's but come on , you get paid to make easy food & keep customers happy . this is why $ 15 / hr is an outrageous amount to be paid when the food is no where near decent and i 'm pretty sure our food today had been sitting out for far too long .
0	while waiting in line to order however , i was disappointed to see two employees throwing food at each other back and fourth over the line . this is not acceptable . when i asked to speak with a manager the cashier told him / her my complaint but the manager never came to speak to me . i saw the manager ask some of the employees if they were throwing food and of course their answer was no . the food was as good as it was in nyc but with the excitement and rush of customers it appears more training needs to be spent on who is hired .
0	burgr is great , brgr is not . the mushroom burger was undercooked and the bread was soggy ( seemed like a mcdonald 's bun - not even toasted ) . the fried pickles had no seasoning or character . it was simply a pickle , fried . no original preparation . the only good thing about this place is the wait staff . they are friendly . too bad they have to be at the forefront dishing out the crap from the kitchen . they deserve better . do not go here .
0	after having the chicken sandwich and nuggets at 6pm i became incredibly ill with food poisoning at 2am .
0	we were completely ignored we were seated way in the back and nobody came to to take our order . the noise level in this place on a noise meter registered around 86 which is very very loud . we saw other customers come in and get seated and have their orders taken while we just sat . this is the second time we tried to go to this place and it was a complete failure again . in all fairness the first time they were just overly busy .
0	seriously , how can you go wrong with a hot dog ? ! even a bbq hotdog from my family 's party taste a whole lot better. all in all , i was completely disappointed. not worth 7 $ + tax for a nasty hot dog
0	making it a combo ( including a small bag of fries and small milkshake ) came to a total of $ 21 ? ? ! ! after eating , i didn 't feel that it was good enough for that price . the burger tasted like a more greasy burger you get at a family barbecue , the fries were mediocre but the milkshake was pretty good . overall , not worth the $ 21 . i felt sick after eating .
0	me and some friends decided to come here while in town . we ordered 2lbs of shrimp with hot n juicy seasoning , 1lbs of crawfish with hot n juicy seasoning and fried catfish . the shrimp was under cooked thoroughly and the flavor was bland ! the crawfish were dirty and not fresh either . the catfish was neither firm nor fresh . our experience was disappointing . service was good . we will never return !
0	i got a little cheeseburger since it was slightly cheaper than their regular , double burger . for the price it was definitely not worth it . i 'd actually prefer create , which is more expensive than in-n-out but cheaper than this place and better quality as well . the burger was just ok ... nothing special about it and the fries were super soggy and had no flavor at all . i probably won 't go back to 5 guys now that i 've experienced it .
0	the calamari was very tough my son and i both ordered marsala wich tasted like it was poured straight from the marsala wine bottle onto our chicken , the fettuchini had no flavor and the salad was nothing to rave about . for the prices we were charged now that i sit and think about it i should have sent the food back but needless to say we left very dissatisfied and wont be going back !
0	her birthday did fall during restaurant week , so i understand it 's a busy time , but we made the reservation early & it was a monday night . dinner took 4 hours . at one point we watched as our 2nd course sat in the window for a good 15 minutes with our server nowhere in sight . third course was only delivered to half our party & server didn 't return until much later to be made aware . we were going to a concert afterward . by the time we got there , it was over . and then those of us who had eaten the brie began to purge it rapidly & had to rush home . never again .
0	fries tasted like the same crinkle cut fries you get from the freezer section . the cheese sauce was something you 'd find at a gas station . burger was simple and lacked basic flavor . if you like basic food with no flavor then this is the place for you .
0	we both ordered drink one came out the other came out 15mins later .... food was ok nothing special , our server rob was the worst ! the restaurant had 5 tables and 5 people walked by my empty water glass never filled it ! i had to ask someone mangers are clueless as well
0	i 've been here twice and both times received the worst customer service ever . i don 't care how amazing the food is , i 've given it one too many chances . i will never spend another dime at this establishment .
0	perhaps i didn 't go at the prime time ( it was about 3 pm ) , but the hot dog was dry , greasy , and simply lacked taste . the fries ( which so many people have written about ) were not very crispy , and i didn 't think that they really stood out either . perhaps i went at a time when there was less turnover of food , but when you have the reputation that they do , and when i am paying $ 4 for a hot dog - i expect it to be at least average . i have eaten much better dogs at the get go ... honestly .
0	that being said , we strolled in here around 5 : 00 a.m. the place was not busy . after placing our orders , i couldn 't understand why , in a restaurant with a packed kitchen and half empty why the long wait . we saw manager checking everything and conversing with staff , but no food . i got up and went to counter inquiring and finally our food arrived . it was the worst tasting breakfast ever . i did not eat it , and the waitress comped us $ 5.00 for a $ 15.99 dish . we will not return .
0	after waiting for an hour to be seated we walked in to a very small and crowded back area , where we got seated into a big booth with other people . a bit weird but a good way to make new friends i guess ? ? the server was absolutely amazing but the food was absolutely horrible 3 out of 5 of my friends ended up puking i don 't recommend this place unless you plan to feel sick afterwards
0	nobody knows what that means . also don 't fall for the free postcard scam ! gross food loopy waitress do not want or recommend # cheapsuits # datburger # coolstorybro
0	there were several other empty tables in the vicinity . never have we been asked to give up our table at any restaurant . the only reason we were there that long was the slow service . avoid this place at all costs . there are other better restaurants in the area . don 't give this woman a penny of your money . she obviously doesn 't believe in superior customer service .
0	they ask if i would like a call to discuss the issue and i accepted their offer . unfortunately , i never got the call . the customer service continues to be lacking with poor follow through .
0	to- go meals were sloppy and wait time was much longer then what i was quoted . both times felt like i was being an inconvenience going there . this place is just not well put back together .
0	we ordered take-out because i really enjoy their french dip . today they neglected to give us fries for two of our orders . after driving another 20 mins in the rain , we were handed a handful of fries with no extra forms of customer service . i can understand the mistake at the beginning but there needs to be some sort of customer service to make up for it .
0	i was pleased with their response / concern but then very displeased that they did not follow through with our conversation . odd for a company to reach out to a customer and want to make it right but not follow through ... i hope it was an honest mistake but it looks bad ! !
0	when i got home threw salad out but kept dressing and ate on homemade salad next day and became sick again .. ugh
0	i don 't keep burger receipts for two weeks . then they sent another email thanking me for my input and nothing else . not even a 10 % off coupon for my next dinner or anything to entice me to come back . massive customer service fail all around .
0	not happy at all , i see that there were 25 other reviews that people were not happy , and not even a simple apology . " customer service " is key to running a successful business .
0	hopefully after enough of these reviews , the owner will take notice and actually issue some changes . we visited during the 4th of july celebration and were loking for a place to eat . after noticing the line at other restraunts , we noticed one5 that had basically its whole patio empty . we asked for a seat and we were promptly rejected , the hostess said that only the bar was avaliable even though there was clearly seating outside open . it 's as if this place doesn 't even want business , there were hundreds of people visiting for the night and they wouldnt even seat to their capacity . will not be visiting again .
0	after waiting more than double our quoted time for a table , the hostess finally came and talked to us and made it quite clear that we were a very low priority for her because they were also hosting some sort of industry event . ( so then close for the night ! or , if you are going to be open , be ready to serve actual customers ! ) we finally gave up and went to the henry at cosmo and had a fantastic meal .
0	i have never experienced such horrible treatment in a fine dining establishment ! he didn 't even try to help us or apologize for their error ! unbelievable ! there are many outstanding restaurants on the strip ... stay away from le cirque ! ! !
0	two out of five main courses were still cooked improperly after being sent back twice , the filet mignon on one was sub standard and inedible , the side dishes were cold , the servers were running around confused bringing us other people 's food . overall our dinner was a major fiasco and an anticipated good time was ruined . although the manager attempted to make amends , with a bill reduction and free dessert , we will never frequent this or any other gordon ramsay restaurant again . it is clear he exercises no quality control whatsoever over his restaurants and is totally overrated . he should go back to basics and start pleasing his customers instead of being preoccupied with burnishing his own image .
0	oh , we could have a seat on the patio , in august ! sorry , but we do not patronize businesses who disrespect their customers .
0	i was told they are out of the spring mix salad for siracha chicken but didn 't expect a hard bun & cold sandwich . i asked several times for hot sauce & they still forgot it .
0	we were not seated until around 9 pm , and didn 't get our food until 10 . in the meantime , they lost some of our food orders , so half the group was finished eating by the time everyone else got their food . it was crowded , very loud and difficult to hear conversation , and frankly , the food ( after waiting 4 hours ) was not great . would not recommend .
0	just a handful of cars in the parking lot , not too bad for dinner time ! walk in , asked hostess for a booth . despite the fact numerous tables were empty , we were told a 30 min wait . fine , new place , i 'm understanding ! we were asked for a name & phone # to wait in the lobby . there were maybe 5-6 tables in the whole dining room . ended up leaving .
0	? ! ? ! i can have a free entree if i bring # paying guests with me who are buying entrees . ! are you kidding me ? i can 't just have a free glass of beer ? happy birthday to me ! linda freundlich
0	after much anticipation this was a complete disappointment , we stayed at paris for my boyfriends bday .. he 's a huge foodnetwork junkie .. took him here to experience some of hell 's kitchen .. we were seated promptly one of the hosts was flinging her necklace all over the place which seemed odd .. service was attentive although everything took too long we were there for at least 3 hours .. prawns were slimy and the beef wellington was not great we could not eat it .. after spending $ 300 you would think they could at least comp my boyfriends bday dessert .. rediculous
0	mind you everything was already cooked and ready . how can something as simple as placing food on a tray be so hard . either your managers can 't train or you employees are incompetent . this is my first ever experience with church 's . way to ruin my impression of this company .
0	i gave him my address ; i never received the card . so much for giving this place a second chance ! there are lots of other burger places in henderson vying for business .
0	the service was awful and i have never left a restaurant feeling more disrespected and offended . i won 't go into detail about what happened but just know that over the past few years i have frequented this restaurant with friends and even brought visiting guests to this place - so for me to say i will never go back is a big deal . this place obviously does not care about preserving its customer base whatsoever.the worst part is that i wish i had this experience sooner so that i could have stopped going here sooner and they wouldn 't have gotten as much of my money as they did . hopefully they will get better management and make some serious changes at this place .
0	i would love to talk to the gm but of course they just put that on yelp to act like they care about their guest just so you people who read this know where i 'am coming from i have attended culinary school and have been cooking professionally for about 20 years trust me when i say this , this place is a joke just another " celebrity chef " that whores out his name to milk tourist in las vegas , palmer has probably never even set foot in that restaurant if he has he should be ashamed of it . still waiting to hear from the gm
0	last time was very ( very ) bad - ended in 1 star ranking . so today ...... we didn 't get the salad we order ! ! ! just when the steak order arrived , i ask the waiter " and where is our salads " ? ? ? ? ? oh my god - what reasturant don 't understand about it ? how come they don 't understand that service is everything ! ? ! ? i giving them 1 star again - sorry - you don 't deserved more
0	the food is good , but not good enough to negate the atrocious service . the waiter was unbelievable slow , and seemed even slower once we told him we had somewhere to be . ( it was the day before my wedding and we were having lunch after our manis and pedis , and before we were to be at the reception site to set up . ) a lunch that was meant to be 45 minutes took 2 hours .
0	i will be nice and not write why on yelp .
0	entering on a time crunch i said great not alot of folks here . we sat down first at at a dirty table and we ask to move . next we sat down for at least 5 min with no one ever coming to take our drink orders . all wait staff and hostesses ( if you call these folks that ) just standing in groups conversating . i used to love fridays and talked my wife into going for my birthday dinner . this place is an absolute joke especially with a $ 12 salad on the menu .... will never go back . jersey mikes here we come .......
0	the lettuce was slimy , the mayo tasted rancid and the chicken was not hot . i threw out he sandwich . it was disgusting .
0	it was probably the rudest thing i 've been asked from a restaurant ever . i 've worked in hospitality for years and would never do that to a group of guests . awful treatment means that i will never recommend or visit this place again . ever . never .
0	the bacon was salty and dripping with grease . the eggs were powdered and hash-browns were like plastic .
0	i looked around and noticed a health code violation . drinks were stacked on top of each other and gathering condensation . trying to be discreet , i told the bartender . he looked at me like i was stupid . i then requested to speak to the manager- this is the kind of thing that will shut a place down ! i explained the concern to the manager and he immediately began removing the stacks and agreed with the observation . he then proceeded to wash the glasses over again and place then properly without stacking . glad they took note of an observation but why do the bar staff not know proper procedure ? yuck ! sorry i had a drink here !
0	i ended up with 3 lbs. of oddly double wrapped shrimp that was so spoiled they had to know it when they sold it . i used it for ( successful ) catfish bait and never went back !
0	since this was the only place i had used it in a number of weeks , i can only assume it was stolen by someone here . not a savvy business practice .
0	that didn 't bother me too much ( maybe they were busy ) . so i called 10min after the order just to check the status . twelve minutes on hold and then i got hung up on ! ! ! 80min later my 2l soda ended up being a 16oz , there was no cheese on my cold , underdone pizza , and the wings seemed underdone as they were soggy and not spicy ( as described ) . this is our closest pizza hut location and i wish it wasn 't . we received poor tasting overpriced food .
0	the burgers were not good . mine was missing avocado . the bottom of the bun was over cooked . the meat was dry . if we had brought wine maybe we wouldn 't have been so aware of the entire situation . unfortunately we got one of the last tables after we arrived . sad as the waitress was very nice and apologetic .
0	after ordering two 10 piece wings with no sides i was more than amazed that these did not come with dipping sauce. well sauce was there for a price extra no thanks i already paid enough ill never come back thats like salad with no dressing
0	there are far too many other places in las vegas to spend money and / or eat to put up with the rudeness of the buffet cashier , or the general treatment of handicapped individuals . it seems they are only interested in those who gamble enough to carry the supposed elite emerald card . and unlike most coffee shoppes and buffets in town they do not allow the handicapped to use the vip line . so long main street . you have a lot to learn about hospitality .
0	the service was horrible , the food was disgusting , we ended up sending back one of the meals and they have raised their prices to more than what a person would expect to pay at a diner . to top it all off 3 of the 4 people i went with ended up with some type of stomach bug . i 'm guessing it was the sausage links since i did not eat them and i was the only one who didn 't get sick .
0	big mistake . not only is the service terrible ( and slow ) , the food is awful . pancakes ? disgusting . waffles ? disgusting . hash browns ? disgusting ( and cold ) . biscuits & gravy ? disgusting ( which is weird , because the place is called biscuits ! ) . you get the picture . i 'd much rather just make waffles at home from a box then eat this garbage again . you 've been warned .
0	being ignored and dismissed is just perfect . yes , the food was comped after it finally came out ... but seriously ?
0	she even called him by his first name " tom " as if by calling him by his first name made it ok to skip me . i just left the building after that .
0	wanted water refills and didn 't get any service . service was ok while tab was being built but once tab was closed and bill paid , service was gone .... non existent . never visiting this location again .
0	as i 'm out washing my hands , one of the chefs come out of the stalls , doesn 't wash there hands and goes straight through the doors . made me sick to my stomach .
0	i was very disappointed . the food portions were very small and highly over-priced . the staff was friendly and courteous but not overly attentive . the atmosphere was ok but i have been to much better restaurants , had better food and paid half as much . i will not be returning to ditka 's anytime soon , if ever .
0	customer service is not a priority , when speaking with the general manager taylor hagor , he said basically - tough luck and didn 't even offer anything for the inconvenience . i will go to my favorite place next time instead of going to a place with no organizational skills again .
0	after posting 4 star review listed i was contacted by " jose " who did not offer apology or explanation but instead said that next time i came by he would make " something very special " for my wife. very snick snick and i am reading between the lines. no thanks jose .
0	he stated he would add credits to my loyalty card . that was 5 months ago . he never added anything or followed up with me . way to go landry 's bubba gump - vegas . still love saltgrass . bubba gump is horrible from bottom to top management . hard to believe an establishment under the landry 's brand operates like this .
0	after posting this review i received an email that they would like more feedback so i went to the link that was in the email , posted the same information and then never heard from them again .
0	i started to notice that people that showed up after me were being seated . makes me furious that i wanted so long to just carelessly have name taken off of it . horrible waste of my saturday .
0	after waiting 45 minutes the host told us she did not know when she would be able to seat us , and asked if we wanted to just keep waiting . of course we said no thank you and left pretty disappointed . didn 't need to waste an hour of our time with an empty promise , but can we really blame them ? they are just young faces hired to look good as you walk in . at least , that 's the way it felt .
0	i might as well give it a try . since i stayed at the wynn hotel , the burger joint is just across the street . the date was 28th june , 2010 on a very hot day . i was seated outside by the hostess . i waited and waited for 15 minutes while watching her talked to the other waiters and looking at me . she then came to me and said my server was no where to be found . i then stood up and said " this is a very bad impression of the establishment " and left in disgust . i will never go back and give them a cent ..........
0	the service was atrocious . i had ordered the rib eye medium . after forgetting my order , the restaurant proceeded to serve my steak rare . when they tried to remediate this error , they proceeded to pan fry my rare steak which gave it a medium interior with a well done exterior . the service ceased at this point with the waitress and she did not even approach the table for the duration of the evening .
0	bad move ! perhaps it was a fluke but we had an uninterested waiter , awfully strong and non-mixed bloody mary oyster shooters , and two bland , overpriced entrees . i was excited to try the lobster grilled cheese , but it was incredibly bland and lobster was a little over-cooked . my boyfriend had the seared ahi caesar salad that was incredibly fishy and actually made him run to the bathroom afterwards . i wonder why ... ? we got out of there as fast as possible but not without feeling incredibly frustrated with the service and the poorly made , way overpriced meal we had paid for . will never go near that place again .
0	horrible horrible service , terribly long wait and very rude servers . food was decent , but we won 't be back .
0	i am from the south and the food we received didn 't have that touch to it .... even the mac n cheese wasn 't home made . i think we caught them on a bad day . it was an older lady doing her best to make sure people got the correct stuff , she was really nice .
0	it took forever to be seated and once we were seated , it took forever to get a waiter . once we ordered , our appetizers came out on time , however , with our entrees we waited an hour ! and they were cold . when we spoke with our server , he was rude and didn 't offer to take back our entrees . will never visit this place again .
0	service was excellent . i ordered ribs and fries , and they were very good . my wife had the bbq chicken and it was just ok-too stringy for her , but the mac and cheese were very good . she also had the apple cisp and it was very good . at first we were taken aback by the god and country jargon on the wall , but then we noticed the racist shirts many of the servers were wearing . we were very offended ! we won 't be back ! too white- trash for us .
0	was told it would take 45 to 60 minutes . after waiting an hour and 25 minutes , i called back to get an update . sounded like they put the phone on the counter as they " went to check " where the food was . waited 5 minutes this way until i saw the delivery car pull up outside . pizza was mostly cold and the box was soaked in grease . no apology for being late . maybe the service is better at the restaurant , but i 'd stay away from delivery .
0	don 't get me wrong the staff was really nic e and the place was clean but , the food was totally different . first they got my hubbys order wrong , second our food came out cold not warm cold , third my rib tips were so dry and though most of it was inedible , fourth all the food that came out was sooo dry and flavorless it had no salt . what a let down and waste money . oh and by the way this food also gave us upset stomach and disgusting burps . ps i recommend the roadkill which beats this place by far .
0	after watching the cook sneeze in his hand then proceed to continue cooking without washing his hands i knew it was time to leave ! ! ! ! this place has the potential to be a really neat place , too bad the cook didn 't follow basic sanitary common sense ! ! !
0	i will just enjoy my in and out double double with grilled onions or any of carl jr 's selections . adios whal
0	the prices seem to high priced for the portions served and additional cost for added ingredients . this is arizona , not new york .
0	i am sad report this is without a doubt the most horrific wing joint i have frequented in some time . my entire family are avid wing eaters and to think we drove from chandler to mesa anticipating award winning wings it angers me ! ! ! ! ! i have had better wings from the frozen food section at the local grocery store . if you are serious wing eaters , i suggest you stay clear of this place ! the wings , burgers , and frozen battered mushrooms were all below average , i wouldn 't feed them to my dogs ! ! ! ! !
0	unfortunately our experience was sorely disappointing . my first drink was a tequila cherry old fashioned that tasted like they forgot the old fashioned and gave me straight tequila . the bone marrow creme brûlée was delicious but cold . the octopus and duck ravioli were fine . the scallop fish and chips tasted soggy and undercooked . the service was incredibly slow and honestly we felt like as " normal people " we were treated as second class citizens - often taking 15-20 mins before clearing our plates or asking if we needed another drink . for a $ 80 / per person meal i expect much much more .
0	first off they don 't make their shawarama of the spit . they put their shawarma on the flat grill , so the result is a very pushy sometimes undercooked meat . and all their dishes are swimming in sauce . they are better places my current fav is the one on derry and tenth line . yum toasted pita off the spit !
0	we arrived around noon to a great looking location and presentation . food looked amazing from what i saw . we were seated pretty quickly with waters . unfortunately , my party of two was not attended to ( at all ) for 20 minutes . i won 't speculate as to how or why , but we ended up leaving without placing an order . i hope this isn 't a common occurrence , and that other reviews are more helpful .
0	the burgers were over cooked and somewhat burnt . the fries were the best part of the meal , and they were mediocre . the cocktails were poorly executed , the patroni was unpalatable , terribly bitter and badly mixed . the free drink replacement was also disappointing . the only redeeming quality was our server , who tried her best to compensate for an otherwise crappy meal .
0	what a disappointment . the service was really slow . we watched an entire episode of afv before our food came . we both didn 't get what we ordered and when we pointed it out , the server said " oh , i am really sorry . we are training a new cook and i will let him know so it doesn 't happen again . " ? ? ? we are retired restaurant owners from san francisco and we would never have responded like that . the food was just ok . we won 't be returning .
0	i am very intuitive about restaurants and hoped for the best . the bread was old and the butter strange . not a good start the setting is an old residence and garden and that is nice . the menu is eclectic and has a variety of choices for dinner , heavy on the meat side . each of the four people at my table ordered something difference , osso buco , the vegetarian bean dish , steak and chicken . no one enjoyed their meal - there was no flavor at all in the vegetarian dish . my guests didn 't like anything . the salad was lacking is variety with a little arugla on the place . not going back , and expensive
0	i ordered the omelette with hash browns and toast . once i actually saw the food i wanted to just walk out . it tasted 10 times worse than it looked . the toast was drenched with butter . the hash browns were definitely bought from the frozen isle of a store . and the vegies in my omelette were not fresh ( most likely frozen vegies ) . i dont expect a diner to match up to the quality of real breakfast places but i do expect fresh food . just stay away .
0	the food was fine , but i have had many better burgers . what was really atrocious was the service . our food arrived just 5 minutes after our appetizer . we were never offered refills on our water . my request for a dipping sauce for the fries had to be repeated . my request for a refill on my drink was never filled . the waitress disappeared for long periods of time . maybe the waitress wrote us off because we were using a group on - her loss because i tip on what the bill total would have been . the restaurant 's loss because i 'll never return . second bad service experience at a red rock restaurant ...
0	unfortunately , my experience did not come close to meeting those expectations . to start , the tables were placed too close to each other , so we were uncomfortably close to other patrons . second , the prices were over inflated . ( maybe they are capitalizing on ddd ? ) lastly , once you do order the overpriced food it is very underwhelming in terms of taste , presentation , and most of all portion sizes . the picture of my girlfriend 's breakfast sandwich says it all . in conclusion , i don 't recommend going to perk eatery . prices are high , food is average , portions are small .
0	we ordered the mac n cheese , extremely salty ; not only could you taste the salt but we also bit into the salt ... very disappointing . i would not recommend this restaurant .
0	bun not fully steamed , hot dog warm , mccain frozen fries ....... really ? montreal steamed hot dogs ? um , not in a million years ! i miss lafleurs , la belle province , montreal pool room and the hundreds of others who always serve fresh made ( never frozen ) fries , whose steamed dogs are always hot and of course a fresh steamed white bread bun ! there used to be a place in toronto called steamies a few years ago who were almost an exact replica of the montreal experience but sadly they no longer exist . save your hot dog money for a trip to montreal for the real thing
0	well it was a big disappointment . if you only want something fancy to look at this place is for you . many of the items are very uniquely displayed in little pots , or basket . otherwise , my advise is to skip it . the food wasn 't very good . nothing was labeled , and there wasn 't as many choices as most of the buffets on the strip . the line for the omelet bar was about 20 minutes long . they also had some breakfast taco , but no sour cream .
0	the hashbrowns were burned on the outside and undercooked on the inside , eggs were a little runny for my taste , toast was cold and the bacon was burned . would not recommend
0	while i 'm glad this palce helps out the less fortunate , the food was disgusting . the cornbread and biscuits were dry flavorless . i had the fried chicken dinner with mashed potatoes and mac n cheese . the chicken was soggy and not seasoned . the mashed potatoes and mac n cheese were not good . frankly , i 've had better food from a tv dinner .
0	completely unappealing " cheese " product . i ordered a side of creme fraiche and what i was given was ( to the best i could tell ) a cross between vinaigrette dressing and thousand island. after sending it back and rerequesting the " white sauce for crepes , creme fraiche , " i was given a processed version of ranch dressing . : ( sorely disappointed ! and it 's not cheap either. for my crepe and an oj , it ran me $ 18 -side note , no wi-fi either , so i don 't know why you 'd want to even bring your laptop in to do some work with a coffee either .
0	this could have been one of the worst meals i have ever had . i ordered the mushroom and chicken crepes , they were drowning in what tasted like a flour and water mixture , the crepes were like dough , ugh ! i got the onion soup which was salty to say the least and to top it off they served it with the filthiest spoon ... old cheese and herbs were stuck to it ! i was so disappointed in this place .... my advice to u is to skip it ! i have never given a review before on here but felt compelled to do the public a favor and warn them about this place !
0	the staff was very friendly but ... we should have known it was nothing awesome with plastic " silverware " and cheap paper plates . the wings were spicy but ok . the pizza was awful . we got the bacon ranch pizza and it was swimming in grease . had to use 3 plates because it kept seeping through . the white pizza did not have much flavor . to top it off , we had to clean up the grease mess when we left . we are just passing through . we won 't be back .
0	service is ok but the food is very hit or miss . when i moved to the laveen area ; i was glad that there was a recognizable restaurant so close to home but our first visit resulted in a glass / plastic shard in one of our entrees ( salad ) . so we didn 't go back for a long time but when we did ; again the food was just poor . the 3rd time got us another salad issue ( brown wilted lettuce ) and a chicken entrée with rubbery rice . i think 3x is enough is say that this applebee 's is just never going to be a good place to eat .
0	we were very disappointed . the food is served buffet style with a fixed price . unfortunately , the steam table had not been turned on so the food was cold . we were there at 6 p.m. and it should have been hot . the two saving graces were the spanikopida and the squash soup . the salad consisted of iceberg lettuce and croutons with a drizzle of ranch dressing . it is a byob and they serve mint water at the table . i would not recommend this place .
0	we even asked why they were closed , we were answered with " i don 't know , i 'm really sorry " they didn 't say one word about it being veterans day ( the reason jessica l. gave me via yelp 3 months later ) so your rude employee can keep her yelp responses to her self ! i was in vegas specifically for veterans day , with 4 veterans ! we would have said ok great , had we been given an answer ! btw miss priss i came in the next day and spent 120 $ on 4 plates so f * * * off !
0	and we don 't care if your a decent customer who comes in a lot ....... we don 't care if you come back ............. to the owner or person who called themselves an owner ...... you suck as a restaraunteur
0	4 / 25 my wife & i decided to dine at sapori 's . i called to see if we needed reservations . the person answering said no , this was about 7 : 30 . ( person seemed annoyed we were dining late ) we arrived about 8 : 20 . we were seated & did not see a server for 20 min . i got up to leave and that 's when the staff asked me how everything was . totally clueless . some workers realized they blew it . from the minute we arrived they acted like they didn 't want us there . they cost themselves $ 120.00 or so , plus tip .
0	coffee cup sat empty twice for just over 10 min each time . others that walked in got food before we did and once began to eat meal , it was obvious it had been sitting . disappointed with my most recent experience a generally great place to eat .
0	i dont get how you thought it was a party size tray for one person . will not be coming back . your manager was very rude and was not listening to anything i said .
0	unfortunately they would not honor the price because it was their happy hour . the happy hour price is not the same as what was advertised . give me a break that you can 't work around the register price not interested in going to sonic. disappointed kids all because you couldn 't honor what was advertised all over the internet . instead we will get our treat at bahama bucks .
0	the hubs ordered pancakes , bacon & eggs while i got biscuits and gravy . the pancakes are massive , but quantity does not trump quality in my book . seriously the worst pancakes ever , dry , cakey , and tasted like bisquick . the bacon was thin and pitiful and looked as though it had been cooked in a microwave . my biscuits were " ok " but they also tasted like bisquick . only redeeming part of my breakfast was the gravy , it was loaded with black pepper so it has a nice spice to it . all in all i think we 'll stick with our usual joints , the good egg or matt 's big breakfast !
0	i ordered the brisket and pulled pork plate which came with generous portions of each however they were both extremely dry and little to no flavor . the brisket was a specially dry and pretty much blan . the cornbread was also extremely dry . the best part of my meal was by far the baked beans . the potato salad had bits of black potato in it so i didn 't try it . when walking in a barbecue restaurant on a friday night at 6 : 30 you would expect it to be full . there were five people in the place . i must say i was extremely disappointed and unless they change the way they do things will not be coming back .
0	soooo disappointed ! service was also terrible . the burger tasted like it had liquid smoke . don 't waste your time or money here . try the burger bar instead ! my friend got the buffalo chicken sandwich , they even messed that up !
0	we were so dissappointed . the waiter forgot to take our drink order and came to get our dinner order before we even had menus . we asked about the sunchokes in a special and he did not know what they were . the bread came out chilled from a refridgerator and the butter was frozen . our guest sent her mixed green salad back because it was so salty . my " colorado rack of lamb " was 3 chops and two pieces of loin , too cold to eat . poached pair dessert was old as if it had been sitting in a fridge all day . chef , try to get back to your restaurant and see what they done to it .
0	i hope he wasn 't making your to go order . i literally stood there and watched him and he continued to make a joke of it . zero stars health code violation
0	everything looked so good so we stopped by while we were in the area a while ago . we got there and it didn 't smell clean ... we ordered anyway ( how bad could it be ? ) but it was just a really disappointing experience overall . the food was barely ok . we left regretting not eating with our family at the diner across the street .
0	they have turned off reviews , posted a statement , deleted it , and are now deleting comments . that shows me they have something to hide . racism is never cute . it also should never be supported . luckily you cant delete yelp reviews ( :
0	they have apparently changed their menu and it is awful . i got the chicken gyro bowl and the meat did not even resemble chicken . the rice was flavorless . there was no hummus . my girlfriend got the falafal sandwich was better than the chicken bowl , but it was burned . nothing was worth the price paid . everything was served off of styrofoam and we were the only customers for about an hour period . too bad they used to be fantastic ... we won 't be returning .
0	i will be encouraging friends and family to do the same .
0	realistically , i assumed the food would probably be great and service just as good , but i was wrong . the food was all undercooked and simply didn 't taste good . on top of that the service was incredibly slow and you could cut the tension with a knife in that place . it was an awful experience and felt so awkward . i 'd never go back again . terrible food , terrible service .
0	so much for even trying this place . hear the food is lousy & service bad anyway .
0	we ordered a chicken caesar salad it was so bland we sent it back . our main dishes were nothing special and the tiramisu is also tasteless . i was pretty disappointed and would not recommend this restaurant to anyone based off the food . i will not be returning .
0	after sending a follow up review and a tweet to the ceo of the restaurant i did receive a response from the director of restaurants .
0	ruined my taste for them so i won 't be back
0	we ordered the bubba 's benny and the description was completely wrong. it said it came with homemade buiscuts and sausage and eggs topped with turkey sausage gravy. that was not homemade and there was no sausage and the sausage gravy was hollandaise sauce . this was not as advertised at all and i will never go here again !
0	what a mistake . food is limp and tasteless . place was empty , but service was still slow and poor . oh , and the price has gone up . as a matter of fact , i visit this center a few times a week , and joey 's is always empty . no mystery why .
0	every time order a single meal it 's always lean meat and delicious . however , the prepped meals are so fatty and often undercooked i can 't even eat it . i was super excited to find this place but have decided to give up .
0	unfortunately , chick-fil-a 's chicken strips are 1 / 3 smaller than kfc 's and cost more . my recommendation to chick-fil-a is to removed the chicken strips from their menu . c brandt
0	ordered my sandwich then was told that they did not have any tomatoes at all . i found that to be very odd when the restaurant is located across from the produce department . they also said they were unable to serve me a bowl of soup with my no tomato sandwich . was not happy at all
0	the gravy is an odd mix of salt , sugar and a dash of beef flavor sort of like the flavour of those fries and gravy chips you sometimes see . if i were lost in the woods for days before coming by this place , i 'd probably just eat one of the servers . the service was quick .
0	after signing in to be seated and waiting 20 minutes on a tuesday at 2 : 40pm , we decided to leave because of lack of acknowledgement and poor service .
0	the service was slow ( under staffed ) and their attitude was " they were doing us a favor " ! customer service needs to be the priority folks ! chandler will not support a restaurant establishment with such low standards . this town is too small to have big city attitude . stay in scottsdale .
0	not once during that time did she come to our to to refill our drinks . not to mention she didn 't think to ask the kitchen why our order wasn 't up yet . will not return . such bad service .
0	but not before the hostess said thanks for coming in . needles to say i will not be returning .
0	oh , but the hostess did come over to see if there was money on the table after the last group left . she even had the gall to say " have a good day " as we left . won 't be back to delucas . luckily , pamela 's is around the corner .
0	so we waited , and waited and waited some more , but eventually gave up , and walked out . i understand that they were busy , but come on .
0	the hostess was extremely rude and unapologetic about skipping over us . we left without even eating . i don 't care how good your food is if you have service that bad .
0	if time hadn 't been an issue i would have driven back but being i was running late i couldn 't . they did not even lift the hatch to vacuum the back and did not wipe down the exterior . the inside was extremely shoddy as well . water spots were all over the exterior , as noticed upon closer inspection and i had paid the extra money for a wax job . obviously , i got waxed on this deal ! ! time to find a new car wash . i will never go back . not such a fabulous job ! !
0	we are all in our mid twenties just walked in the bar . i questioned him on why he thought that and he got irate . stay away ! ! ! ! ! !
0	i found none of that . portions have been shrunk to a laughable size . taste never showed up . and the bill almost gave me a heart attack . it used to be a good place a few years back , but something happened to this restaurant ( something bad ) . such a shame ...
0	slow , slow , slow . located near the parking lot on the way out at planet hollywood .
0	wow ... it was bad . the pork was not firm at all . it was like mush . it had a whitish coloring to it like it was pig fat . i could of ate it without teeth by gumming it . nasty .
0	ty service where they took 20 minutes just to take our drink order , the manager and the hostess accused us of dining and ditching . don 't come here if you can avoid it .
0	worst idea yet . $ 11 chicken fingers looked like a school lunch and my wife steak sandwich was the worst ever . the bartender never even acknowledged us ? well just a warning for the next couple who walks in .... turn around and go .....
0	the waitress explain to me i could not switch a potatoe on the chicken entree for a vegetable , without a up charge , instead she offered me potatoe chips ! ! ! ! at 13.99 for a chicken entree you should be able to switch to a vegetable on an entree ! ! come guys 13.99 entree and you offer potatoe chips as a substitute , what are we at mc donalds ! ! i won 't be back , very tacky ! and cheap ! anthony
0	if you 're going to be a nurse working with children , i suggest you have a bit more patience and compassion . and threatening kids is not a good idea either . i walked out of there so angry and upset while trying to calm my son down . i just cannot believe this horrible experience . sorry pch , you lost my patronage .
0	this branch has consistently poor customer service and outlandish wait times on top of constantly losing prescriptions and never having common medications ( zpacks , inhalers ) in stock . i will be taking my business elsewhere , and encourage others to do as well .
0	another 35 minutes passed before we received our water and then drink orders . the manager did absolutely nothing .
0	i have emailed them multiple times so they can prevent food poisoning for future customers . not even a response this is why i lowered it to 1 star because i feel that they did not care to find out what caused the three of us to be sick .
0	the guy didnt believe me which made me even more mad . i 'm seriously never coming back , and u shouldn 't either .
0	the waiter gave all 3 of my kids jr cups . on the bill it showed 2 jr cups and a regular which is $ 1.80 more ( can 't imagine a regular cup holds that much more ... just sayin ) . which brings me to the cost of the food ... for the prices , i expected the quality to be way better . the quality was absolutely horrible ... fast food places have better service and quality . i now see why the place was almost empty when we came in . i won 't be back
0	the original rudy 's used to be our families favorite but after the switch , it hasn 't been the same . food was undercooked and overpriced . service was prompt but the place was very dirty . the simple fact that their sign says " eat here i need the money " and they charge $ 3 to use a credit card says it all . i hope someone can turn it around .
0	the place was clean , the games were on tv , the service was okay , but the food ..... spend your money somewhere else ! you get more breading than chicken , the wing sizes are terrible and it 's just not good period . also , my husband ordered a moscow mule , he got a nasty drink in a glass tea cup . wtf . not impressed and never going back .
0	each call i made was transferred and i was told to leave a message . i sure hope we will be accommodated this evening at 7 : 00 ? i which i will change my review at that time ! so far , poor team management !
0	nobody i have ever been here with thinks the beer is any good , either . on the last visit , the service was also ridiculously snooty and pretentious . the success of this place seems to be based on a conspiracy of people who don 't know beer and people who think they are all terribly hip and special . i am never going back .
0	save your money , try old school pizzeria directly across from the cannery . it 's a bit of a drive for me but my family and i deserve quality food made with fresh ingredients and care . try old school pizzeria , you will not be disappointed .
0	the manager on duty told us the cook was struggling and was not able to serve the 12 of us in a timely manner . there was two other customers in the restaurant . it was 3am ! ! needless to say we left and went to denny 's the next exit down . i 've never known a restaurant to turn down business . i wish i could give them zero stars .
0	this is by far the worst dominos in the area . when i called the first time to cancel they put me on hold for five minutes before i hung up and called back . don 't ever order from this place . i will be calling corporate over this . thanks for nothing .
0	the first time , i believed it was a mistake . the second time makes me think that this is a habit . when called to the waiter 's attention , he immediately knew what we were talking about without even looking at the bill . i suggest this bar , but you do need to keep a close eye on your tab .
0	online it states all burgers come with a side of fries and after seeing great reviews for their food , it 's annoying to come home to find out you didn 't get everything as expected and no receipt as well .
0	the ribs were firm and not falling off the bone like it should . and the beef brisket was dry and seemed like it was sliced hours earlier . even the corn on the cob was bad - tasteless until i added butter and salt . how can a bbq specialty restaurant be so bad ?
0	after visiting here many times they 've had another location and they just aren 't the same restaurant and now are one star that i will not return to i should just avoiding this place and going someplace like lolas or elsewhere cheers !
0	i 'm not sure how much mr ramsey is associated with the restaurant but this was without doubt the worst $ 250 meal for two we 've ever had . the quality of the ingredients was not what you would expect for a al carte . the drinks were the best part of the meal .
0	i have visited this location a few times and have always left with a bad experience and never went back ! the staff never smile or try to engage in conversation with you and in comparison to the real nando 's at richmond hill- this seems like a fake version . the chicken is not as flavourful and the portions are very small . save your experience and try richmond hill for a real nando 's experience !
0	we know this is where she got her sickness because we went there with 12 people and the ones that ate the shrimp and snow crab were the only ones sick . went to the hospital and they diagnosed them with campylobacter jejuni .... bacteria found in feces ! doctor said its probably due to employees not washing hand after handling raw foods or using the washroom . disgusting ! ! ! !
0	upon are arrival we were greeted with a friendly smile , and where told that we can sit our selfs any where we 'd like . once we sat our selfs we waited 10min ! ! ! for anyone to acknowledge we were their . we got the attention of one of the many servers , we asked for a menu 5 min after asking she brought the menu . after that we never saw her again bad service weak attention to customer service it 's very poor no floor manager presence , there 's no sense of leadership .
0	10 more minutes after just taking our order i finally got served the kids drink. the other tables being serviced by another server had drinks bread and refills by this time. the asshole server scoffed and said " wait a minute " when i asked if we could have bread . i immediately got up and left after telling the other server why i was leaving . i 'll never return to this location ! ! ! ! ! what an asshole !
0	it was sunday afternoon , no indians game , it wasn 't crowded there were open tables . we noticed other people were not getting service either . very disappointed as we were excited to try their burgers . i chose one star because it made me , obviously i would have chosen zero stars .
0	the manager could not be found , gave them another 5 and walked out . the place smelled like garbage anyway . fortunately their are plenty of options close by .
0	had to get a different meat . thanks for ruining my breakfast ! tell people sooner next time so they can just leave ! 45 min round trip .
0	another lady said she was me and was seated . when the hostess finally got back to me she realized what happened , never apologized and said there would be 1-2 tables ahead of us . after waiting another 25 minutes checked back with the hostess and said they were told we were sitting at the bar . we 've been standing there for 45 minutes and they kept looking at us . after telling them we were leaving they said they 'd put us back on the list and there 's only be 1-2 tables ahead of us . why wouldn 't you get us seated next ? we left and probably won 't be back . you need a better system for people waiting !
0	after waiting 20 mn without any consideration or water they said brunch is over i check online before coming here for the brunch ... poor service !
0	what ? ? if you 're behind tell the patrons up front . too bad we actually went out of our way to eat here .
0	we left and went to i heart burger who substituted a side salad for the bread free of charge
0	imagine my disgust when i had driven across the city of pittsburgh for this famed menu item and didn 't get to taste it ! considering i don 't eat eggs or seafood , the only option left was french toast ... from a belguim place . good one .
0	we were the first table seated , coffee and water arrived 15 minutes after we were seated . our order required no cooking . no apology from the waiter . our meal was comped and we are taking it to the airport .
0	don 't waste your time or money on this place ..
0	items where missing from my husbands salad and beyond that the level of service was just poor . there was maybe 4 other tables at the time and how could i forget the bird droppings on the table that the server never cleaned up , we ended up using our napkin . other than the view there is nothing special about this restaurant .
0	20 minutes later our plates arrived at the table .... cold steaks , cold mac n cheese , ice cold broccoli and cheese , dry & plain " loaded " baked potato . 3 cranky and hungry kids later . tempted to walk out but allowed manager to make it right . now our meals are coming out separately one at a time . so much for a family meal to celebrate a birthday . geez ! ! disappointed to say the least
0	we were forced to leave a find somewhere else to eat . i do not recommend this place .
0	2 salads and a burger took way too long . we asked for grilled onions instead of raw and got raw anyway . chicken on the salad was tough ( over microwaved ? ) we were told the kitchen is " really " busy . terrible excuse for bad service . they did take $ 2 off the burger but doesn 't make up for the experience .
0	definitely not worth the money and service was terrible as well . i waited about 30 minutes just to get a refill on my drink . 0 / 10 definitely wouldn 't recommend .
0	it was one of the new snazzy bills , all crisp and ready for circulation , but that is not good enough for cane 's . due to a rash of counterfeit $ 100.00 being funneled thru this location ( i doubt it ) my money was automatically suspect . the only thing suspect is this policy . the manager would rather lose a customer over this nonsense . counterfeits exist , but get over yourself cane 's .
0	finally seated after another 10 minute wait with guacamole on the house , we again waited . while the tables around us had great service , we were not even acknowledged with an " i 'll be right with you " and after another 15 minute wait we gave up and left with a business card with a hand- written promise of free guacamole at any of their locations which we likely will never use . ten minutes later , we 're seated at swiss chalet eating our starters .
0	those wrappers are actually designed to not allow that to happen , so you have defied the laws of physics . and for that i say : well done , carls jr ... bravo unto you .
0	my friend made a smart remark " jeez about time . " i turned to him and said , stop being rude she 's going to spit in our food . then an evil laugh comes over the speaker and then says " oh bet i would , now what can i get for you " me and my friend both looked at each other in shock of what we heard and decided to take our business elsewhere . i 've worked in customer service for over 5 years and am so disgusted and shocked at the way i was treated here . will never be back again . so horrible i cringe to give this place even 1 star .
0	all of the food was swimming in some kinda of sauce . the waitress kept forgetting to bring our drinks . it was so not worth $ 25 per person . i would have rather eaten a sandwich at the sandwich shop right across . do not go here .
0	as i did , the hostess just smiled . and it was only me and another person at the bar . will not go back to this location .
0	then she abruptly turned a sign around stating their seating policy . hope someone is that disrespectful to her someday .
0	the waitress walked by is at least 10 times and never acknowledged that we were there . told the host and he reminded her she had another table and still did not wait on us . went to johnny rockets and had awesome burgers , awesome service and much cheaper ! ! !
0	waited 10-15 minutes and no one even acknowledged us , or looked at us let alone take our drink orders . terrible , absolutely terrible .
0	most of the people in our group were finished eating an hour ago .
0	at this point i have no desire of waiting for them to bring me a new plate . they didn 't even offer to take it off the bill ! there are tons of places to choose in this area i 'm not sure i will ever go back .
0	i wanted to like it , i really did ... and perhaps with some edits we will be back ... oy beer on tap was old mecklenburg brewery ( omb ) . need more options need , much better options ... food was just ok , wanted a burger but they do t have fries ... really ? ordered the blt that was nothing special . fix the beer menu and the food , maybe you will get more folks in .
0	the workers didn 't know a whole lot of anything except how to charge my credit card . horrible food don 't waste your time or money .
0	we honestly can 't rate the food because we were treated so horribly by the bartender ( i think he wasn 't keen on people eating dinner there and not just ordering alcohol ) . looked like a great buffett but waited much too long and was treated badly . too sad : - (
0	the food was below sub par and no where near the price . the line for the " steak station " wrapped around the restaurant , all the wait for a razor thin , super fatty piece of prime rib . the sushi was chewy and not fresh . we thought the saving grace would be the desserts- not so . if you ever went to a sizzler in the 80 's- the dessert table was the same .
0	shortly after that , i watched a grandmother experience the same thing with her grandson .
0	blah food , blah service and it 's kind of pricey as well . i know that everything in vegas is expensive but -- $ 9 chicken fingers that come with nothing but ranch and 2 sticks of celery that tasted that they came from a frozen box from costo , puh-lease !
0	the large orange juice should have more water than orange . the ambiance is pretty busy so the waitress . hence , it is a whole mess without mention that the bill arrives just on time to kick us out and welcoming the new victim . the food was ... oh yes it was as bad as the service . probably it wasn 't my day and not even the sort of place i will repeat . pd : i am not a bacon person .... if you are not a bacon person don 't waist your time .. if you are ... check other reviews !
0	i 've been coming here for a couple years but i think i 've finally had enough . i doubt i 'll return . the food isn 't great , isn 't horrible but it 's close to home . the staff isn 't very swift and gets my order wrong as often as right . i 've had enough and will go somewhere else . as for the bobby sandwich that i 've heard so much about .... it 's bad . gummy stuffing , bland turkey and bad cranberry sauce . only someone who 's never had a good turkey dinner would think it in any way resembles thanksgiving dinner .
0	after waiting over an hour food and seeing other tables that got there after us getting there food had to complain to manger to get service the food cane out cold and over cooked not worth the money or hipe
0	there was no apology for the fact that we had to wait so long for our food . when we did " ask " our server for the reason we still didn 't have our food another server told us that everyone came in at once . for the type of food and service the bill was just too much . our server should have at least offred to comp our drinks . $ 10.50 for 3 pops . we will not be returning ! ! !
0	the family appeared to know each other . the hostess helping us said can you sit at this table located in bar . yes .. were cleaning it now.the aggressive family whispered to michelle who grabbed menus and sat them at our wsiting table although we had been wanting 15 minutes and same amount of people in our party . michelle was rude and the hostess told her they were her first .. she first walked the loud lady over came back and got the kids and the man went to sit down later .. when i brought this up oh sorry it will be a few more minutes .. we left we wont ever return.rude rude michelle practice what you preach on mlk day ..
0	waiter said they had 50 pizzas in front of ours . what was so frustrating was there were take-out orders being taken and filled prior to the people being served in the restaurant . i don 't care how good their pizza is poor management doesn 't make for good business .
0	the reason i did not answer was because they called the wrong number , which they also typed incorrectly on the receipt which the driver showed me while he apologized for the stupidity of his coworkers . the food was horrible . i fed it to my dog . avoid at all costs .
0	unfortunately , it was just as bad the 2nd time . eventually someone did come around to serve us , although i 'm pretty sure our waitress was drunk . literally every ' empty ' table around us sat full of empty plates and beer glasses from previous customers that had left much earlier and remained in place during our hour and a half visit . poor service and bad show are a result of mismanagement . the place is a great concept with open space and activities ( volleyball , ping pong , grassy area , etc ... ) but it 's not just a park , it 's a place of business . it seems management has overlooked this area .
0	the food was subpar and the service was mediocre . i heard recently that they 're closing and i 'm not surprised .
0	the manager tried to give me credit for the issue after i asked for a refund . he said he cannot give refund because they can get in trouble . he than states he has to call his gm to get approved when i told him there is no signs or anything on receipts states no refund . all of this happened after i received all 6 pizzas and wings came last with a horrible cross contamination .
0	i am sorry but we will never return to this location , besides the chicago locations are way better than las vegas . very disappointed .
0	as he greeted us , he told us it would be a 35 minute wait for cocktails . we ordered a flatbread and 20 minutes later were told they were out of flatbread . i ordered a burger and asked them to add tomato . no tomato in the kitchen apparently . shrimp and grits half the portion size as last time . " they downsized the portion " the portions are tiny and the service poor .
0	i dont think they can do the math . they lost 30.00 + .... over a cup of coffee ! ! ! they should focus more on cleaning up the place , and custoner service ! i will stick to fern restaurant for a real vegan place !
0	we had to ask another waiter after 20 mins to get our drinks . we ordered our food and waited 45 mins ! the eggs were cold and hash browns not cooked . dana was our server and she was just terrible ! worst denny 's ever ! ! !
0	people who were sitting even looked around for someone . the guy walked past the back servers door twice and looked our way but nothing to let us know someone or even him would be right with us .... the lady mopping the entry way even looked around ... needless to say the menus went back into the pile and we left .... went to denny 's instead excellent service and a great meal ! ! ! !
0	very very unprofessional . i posted their messages here on yelp , but someone complained ( i can 't imagine who * insert sarcasm * ) , and so because their names were in the messages , apparently yelp agreed they should be removed . i have them saved , so all friends and family will be welcome to see them on my phone on yelp messages at anytime . i will never step foot in there again and i will make sure no friends or family ever do either
0	the last 5 visits have served me brisket that was so tough and full of gristle i couldn 't eat it . one time is a mistake or an isolated experience and i have come back hoping the quality would improve . i told the manager that the cutters could easily prevent this but they don 't . disappointing . there are too many other options , i won 't be back .
0	after years of clogging the arteries and shortening the lives of local patrons , kfc has closed their doors forever !
0	wow what a mistake . i guess the place was understaffed . totally understandable , however that doesn 't mean you have to be curt and rude to your customers . can 't say anything bad about the food , but usually if there 's bad service , expect the same from the back of the house as well as there is no accountability here for bad service ! we got up and left . no reason for bad service . you are in hospitality , if you don 't like your job , quit !
0	they will smell like b.o. , no joke . when a burger makes your hands smell like human body odor , it makes you wonder what exactly is in the meat ?
0	poof , gone , no more service for you . needless to say i didn 't eat here , you can only sit and wait for someone to take your order for so long before you just get up and walk out . just a tip , don 't eat here ... ever !
0	a giant dumpster with room for plenty . i literally don 't even know how you can make food this bad .
0	greeted at the drive-thru speaker with " go ahead with your order . " i placed my order and the only response was " $ 6.37 . " then they messed up the order . no " sorry " was to be heard . when she handed me my order finally , she said no words . no " thank you " or anything . once again , the management of this place is awful . how do they let these employees be so rude in a service industry ? ?
0	the restaurant is beautiful , no doubt but the food ... ugh . the last time i came here i ordered a burger which made me sick ; this time i got the chicken bonfire . the chicken was nothing special , the red potatoes tasted bland , and the " crunchy slaw " was flat out gross . i can 't give it zero stars but i guess one star for the waffle fries . that 's the best thing they have to offer . boo !
0	why do i do this to myself ? i wanted a burger & sprite , my pregnant co-worker wanted a baked potato . no potatoes , whaat ? ! ? then no sprite ! ! ! they were missing 2 out of 3 items and there was no way in heck i was returning to work without that potato ! deny a pregnant girl her craving .. never ! so again i spent my lunch break driving to another wendy 's !
0	not to worry went back to my favorite family restaurant shame on me for trying sunset pizza again . if you want to go to a awesome restaurant with fabulous food . message me ! ! ! !
0	again .. same kind of response from the staff .. careless and they even used bad words when myself and my cousin asked about quality of the food .. worst restaurant .. worst management
0	nobody in our group was happy , the wings were terrible and fries greasy / soggy and cold. why bother having to ask for carrots and celery when they are served inedible , careful if you are sharing because you have to share your ranch or pony up more money for another portion . our server was nice but seemed nervous and jumpy . this remains my least favorite restaurant in the world ! ! ! !
0	the employees here are what truly make this place a sinkhole of awful with their attitudes . the food is below average , but if the staff weren 't spending all of their time hanging out as if this was their own personal teenage hangout , maybe it would be better ... maybe . dozens of better places in the area , and i mean fast food wise . this was my second and without question the last time i ever come to this place .
0	it was a big mistake . the pepperoni tasted like it was old / expired . it was the most disgusting pizza i 've ever eaten . i 'm surprised they are still in business .
0	not the case . two thin , appetizer sized pieces veal and some third rate lasagna for almost $ 60 in a space that only poor people wont mind dining in . i thought the dessert menu would make up for this but boy was i wrong . about 6 underwhelming options from the " cake boss . " wtf ? i ordered two items that were as pathetic as the food . steer clear of this place .
0	i really should have listened to the reviews i read . there was only 1 person ahead of me ordering . still waited almost 10 minutes just to put my order in . about $ 8 for a decently large slice of pepperoni pizza , not too bad . they warm up the pizza once you order it . so it 's been sitting out there for god knows how long . my pizza came out with this burnt charcoal taste to it . gross . never again .
0	again , no idea who my server was . again really wanted to love this place but man , it 's just not going to happen . why , why for god 's sake can 't this wonderful location / menu / ambiance just deliver on it 's promise ? well , i 've given it all the tries i can give . will not bother again .
0	wanted to grab one of the open tables . this time they said it was a 30 minute wait . there was absolutely no one waiting in line . this is cleveland folks . get the customer service right .
0	noooooo customer service what so ever , we thought that he might be fired by now but hes still there . he must be either friends of the owner or the manager cause people around us were even commenting on how bad he is . you guys need to do something about him .
0	wth . its like mcdonalds being out of fries . there are businesses nextdoor with hundreds of commercial vehicles that could give them a ton of business , but everyone refuses to go there for anything . so do i .
0	came to gamble with my boyfriend and a friend . the rude bartender dude doesn 't give 1 crap . he is rude . when the machine wasn 't working he said well just guess it 's keno seriously dude he couldnt just calibrate it . we wanted some of their bomb wings but honestly the bs service is not even worth it .
0	additionally , the restaurant first tried to deny the situation , then suggested that if we went to find a doctor in vegas , we could claim that against their medical insurance . i told them that people with severe food poisoning are not in a position to roam around vegas looking for a doctor , especially on the day we were travelling home . i asked if they could help bring a doctor to us , or help us keep our hotel room until the evening , but no . please avoid this restaurant at caesars palace in vegas .
0	ordered a bagel with cream cheese and thought it was the jalapenos that were funky til i realized the cream cheese was sour ! ! ! ! if they are not busy enough to sell plain cream cheese before it sours ...
0	sorry in this case 4 strikes you are out .
0	didn 't eat my meal . i don 't understand why it is getting high reviews . i couldn 't stand it . the appetizer was ehhh the salad was filet salad was gross the barbecue was unremarkable . i was expecting something much better .
0	so overrated , not impressed with anything on the menu . and who has a secret menu that isn 't a secret at all .
0	tepid , mediocre food . salsa from a jar .
0	this was one of the wors burgher experience i ever ate.i ordered a burgher with bakon and a cheeseburgher . it was too wet , the bun was like a wet napkin and it didn 't have any taste . both were a big dissapointment . the fries were over fried .
0	insulted beyond belief today and near tears . cant shake the uncomfortable feeling i was left with . needless to say we got our drinks and left .
0	i ordered the avenue dip - braised short rib , provolone cheese , french roll and peppered gravy for dipping . it had a metric ton of cheese on it . the sandwich started falling apart as soon as i picked it up . and the gravy already had skin on it by the time it came to the table . the fries were flavorless . my girlfriend got an omelet and tipped her plate so at least six tablespoons of grease came running off into her napkin . despite the relative emptiness of the restaurant , our server was awol for most of our visit . avoid this dump at all costs .
0	if you like buffets but want to diet this is your place because you can 't stomach a second trip to get food . all the meats and extras were cold . the selection slim . the desserts were hard , literally " clank clank " with your fork . i got excited for the ice cream until i bit into it and it tasted sour . poor quality and way over priced . in fact i can 't every remember eating worse food in my entire life . best advertised as the " worst buffet in the world . " don 't waste your money .
0	they burnt the roasted chicken that i ordered . then they made it again . it was black this time . they never comped me for my meal and the waiter argued with me . i called two days later and the owner did nothing to make me want to come back .
0	have visited the establishment on multiple occasions and have yet to have a successful meal . our most recent visit resulted in french toast with the toppings of little black hairs and rubbery sausage accompanied by a waitress who cared more to charge us for the meal and get new food rather than to apologize and remove that from the bill .
0	the food was good when serviced correctly . ( in a party of 7 , one person got the wrong order and another only got half of her order ) . the waitress was short and not attentive . although the venue was nice , i would not return .
0	sad to say but the grilled chicken sandwich is bad and management is even worse . the entire operation is a disaster . whoever hired these managers is not getting their money 's worth . no mayo or anything on the bland chicken sandwich .
0	sad . two young teenagers left there working alone . the guy seemed to know what he was doing , however the gal working with him was totally useless . she didn 't know the menu , didn 't know how to make a sub ( blt ) and clearly didn 't know how to use the cash register . and one large fly buzzing around the meat and cheese station . ugh . i 'm done .
0	guessing his name is nick and the owner from the other reviews . he is rude and could care less about customer service . hours or operation are not that great as well . closed on sundays and at 8 all other days . food is good but not good enough for me to want to come back . however the old waitress is always friendly and works really hard . i give it a 1 star just for her .
0	the service was poor at the bar area and continued to decline in the dining room for the remainder of our dinner . we always love supporting local restaurants and do so frequently however we will never eat at this establishment again .
0	it 's a nice spot . however , i have had two meals here and both were unsatisfactory . the most recent was a grilled cheese sandwich and how that could be messed up i don 't know ; it was almost cold and hardly grilled . i will not be eating here again . such a shame because it is a nice spot .
0	we had 4 kids with us 3 of which got pizza . the wait was over 45 minutes . the pizza sauce was out of the refrigerator cold on the pizza , when we asked for the pizza to be heated up more the waitress was very rude . we then got charged for every meal when we were told kids are free on tuesdays . when we asked about our bill our waitress started in with attitude again , walking away before we had finished asking our questions . we asked for every single drink refill as well . do not waste your time !
0	actually the people eating were cheering us on and were glad to have some excitement in the bar ! it 's a shame that the management handled it the way they did , especially since the bride 2 be had her engagement party there . not sure why you would want to lose out on service . we are a group of classy girls and felt that the way we were treated was disrespectful . guess we will take our business elsewhere ! ! ! ! ! ! so if you are looking to go out with a group of people , don 't go to market garden ! ! !
0	actually the people eating were cheering us on and were glad to have some excitement in the bar ! it 's a shame that the management handled it the way they did . not sure why you would want to lose out on service . we are a group of classy girls and felt that the way we were treated was disrespectful . guess we will take our business elsewhere ! ! ! ! ! ! so if you are looking to go out with a group of people , don 't go to bar cento / bier market ! ! !
0	the manager told us he could not sit all of us together as we had such a large party even though you can make reservations online for 20 people . he said it would be to much for the waiter or waitress and we would all have ro sit seperately . he suggested next time we call a week ahead of time . are u kidding me ! we walked out , as to us that was not true service and they did not deserve our money !
0	hours stated they should be open ( we went at 4 in the afternoon ) but the doors were locked with no note .
0	our food took almost an hour . it was cold and lacking any kind of flavor . of course appetizers came after the entrees , also cold . while waiting on our food we basically had to yell just to talk to each other over the incredibly loud music . this place is too small for live music . more of a want to be upscale restaurant but can 't get away from reality of a sleezy night club . needs zero stars but review requires a star .
0	well 42 minutes later we got are drinks and that 's all we ordered . as we waited for are drinks we sat there and just watched cars in the drive-through come and go . the girl that took are orders we could hardly understand and come to find out she charged us for drinks we didn 't even order and gave us the wrong size drinks . as if that 's not bad enough we all got are drink and they sucked the cherry drink had this slimy red stuff in it as did the strawberry drink . we will never go back there again and hope they get their act together
0	we were all pretty hungry and the place wasnt busy so we figured we would get our food in a timely manner . it took almost 2 hours after we ordered for the food to come out ! and on top of that , my friend and i ordered steak and they were not cooked the way we asked . it looked liked they served us a huge plate of fries with a small piece of extremely rare steak . i don 't know if the large amount of fries was to make up for the time it took but overall we all that it was terrible !
0	they were out of several tea drinks , limes , even table settings . it took exceedingly long to get our food . no of the food was bad but not impressive by any means .
0	once we all finished ordering since there was no one in the restaurant , my friend asked to change the channel to a soccer game that was showing on the little screen . the cashier looked at him and rolled her eyes . as we were getting our food , another employee comes out and tells us to keep it down . * * first and last time here .
0	a friend recommended this place due to being on food networks restaurant impossible with robert irvine . they unfortunately have not continued with his recipes because the food was awful and made me personally sick the entire night . about the buffet itself first there was no chicken , veal or eggplant parm there was only fried and bake cod that was greasy and dry . ziti ala vodka no regular pasta dish but another ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and they stated there sauce was very acidic . years ago they food was outstanding their parents or relatives must be highly disappointed in what has become of this place save your money ,
0	service was ok at best , i ordered a double burger and fries . fries were barely room temp and the burger was the same . food tasted very bland , meat on the burger was very low quality and had no flavor at all . fries were disgusting , and not fresh , they tasted as if you left mcdonald 's fries in your car for a day and tried to eat them . overall it 's just a shitty place .
0	they refused to serve us because we had a group of 12 people and due to it 's almost time to be closed ( 2am ) . never experienced anything like this before . what kind of customer service is this ? is this how they make business ? regardless , defiantly will not recommend this place . not sure who was the manger on duty and their host or server that spoke with our friend at the mean time , but it 's ridiculous and so unprofessional ! i ranked them one star just so i can continue with the review post , but i wouldn 't rank any stars at all .
0	we arrived 15 minutes early , ordered our food and sat for an hour and a half and never received our food . we had prior engagements and had to leave . we all paid our bills without ever having received our food . they packaged our food to go . other patrons of the restaurant came in after hour party , received their food and left before we were ready to leave . one of our party 's bill was $ 9.73 . she gave the waiter a $ 20 bill and he returned change of a $ 10 bill . i am only giving the blue adobe one-star because i can 't give them 0 .
0	you would think " entire bill " meant entire bill . but in the nice fine print down below it says excluding alcohol . i work in marketing and i felt this was a deceptive and shady business practice . i don 't care about the extra money we didn 't save ; i just feel like we were tricked . scottsdale has a thousand other places that won 't pull this on patrons , so please take your business to one of those .
0	the staff was rude and horrible . the food was bland , the chicken and dumplings was dry and thick , the turkey and dressing was horrible . the gravy was full of eggs and disgusting . the best thing we ordered was a cheeseburger which was burnt . once our food was brought out , we never saw a waitress again . we will never go back .
0	we told our server we had a show and he still moved slow as molasas . the only good thing we had were the fire roasted olives . we expected more out of this place based on reviews and especially the price . brucshetta was medeocre and the pasta was not good at all .
0	i find this amazing considering it was the prime night of restaurant week , a friday night , and they were no longer honoring their advertised special meal . the food was average at best , portions were cheesecake factory ' esque , the charcuterie plate looked like someone dumped a pile of cold cuts right out of the package onto a cutting board , no care given to the presentation of food whatsoever . all in all it was a sad experience , wouldn 't recommend going .
0	the bartender told us to " deal with it " and we promptly left . they were under-staffed which is bizarre for happy hour , especially at a waterfront restaurant . the watershed next door is a much better option !
0	the service was bad , restrooms disgusting , didn 't recognize any of the staff and on top of all that my friend and i split a patty melt and got food poisoning . her husband called the owner / manager and he hung up on him . don 't know what is going on with this place but it was a place we really enjoyed and we will never go there again . stay away ! ! ! !
0	you can 't we heard of the pot roast burrito it was just as great as everyone said . a few weeks later we went back we could no longer get the burrito at the time we went . the service was slow and the food was cold . we complained waitress just said sorry then continued on her way she didn 't offer to heat it up or replace it . this place went downhill so fast
0	we first tried to order a margarita . .they were out of all flavors ... ordered wings and frys .. frys came out 20 minutes before wings .... asked for a knife they were out . ... ordered brownie was told they were out if ice cream .
0	no warning . no attention . the excuse : this chain 's kitchen is unable to serve individual customers and a large party simultaneously . so why are they in the restaurant business ?
0	they were found guilty of refilling expensive liquor brands with inferior substitutes then selling them to the public ( as if it were the more-expensive brands ) . you can find proof of the violation by going to the nc alcohol beverage control website , hover over , " legal , " then click on , " meeting reports . " look at the summary for august , 2017 . they were fined $ 3500 for the infraction . think about what that says .
0	i ordered a spicy chicken sandwich with no mayo and a medium fry with a side of bbq sauce. heres what i got a spicy chicken sandwich with tons of mayo and a broken bun because of all the disgusting white shit everywhere. a medium fry that was literally half full , honestly me saying it was half full was exaggerating , it was about a third full. and guess what no bbq sauce but an open ketchup packet that got everywhere . bravo ... bravo. and this is why i rarely eat fast food .
0	hmmm chicken wasnt fully cooked and i didnt realize until my 2nd to last piece . coleslaw not good , green beans not good . just not good ! ! ! !
0	all the times i have to be in this miserable airport i 've seen this place , usually packed . i was able to sit down and try them out for breakfast last flight i took to boston . breakfast was awful . their ingredients are not fresh . i was pained while trying to finish my food . bloody mary horribly made . the decorations don 't make up for food quality . don 't kid yourselves . on another note ... it is airport food . i shouldn 't have expected any better .
0	not once has anyone i have ever been with has ever had a good meal . this of course includes me . a lot of money for beyond bland . i will speak up if anyone ever trys to convince me to go again . i would rather jack in the box down the street . at least i can get yucky food for three dollars there .
0	a hole in the wall place that serves outrageously expensive flavor-deprived pizza with no drink refills
0	we called to see if we needed a reservations and they said no . we said we 'll be right over . this was at 22 : 45 at night . we took a cab , got there within 15 min and they told us the kitchen was closed . ummm , information you could have shared when we called 15 minutes earlier . i had to spend 10 days in vegas for work . i sure as hell didn 't go back and neither did my colleagues .
0	the " crunchy " chicken was more " crunch " than chicken . awful , greasy and hard .
0	we had just ordered . i wanted to eat slowly but had to ask for a knife and fork . they gave me this flimsy mini plastic set . we were done for quite a while and hung around for the free photo . it was 2 inches by 1.5 inches . ( you have got to be kidding ? ) they were willing to sell me a larger size . all this talk about wahlburgers being about friends and family and they are just another grifter on the strip .... and i had diarrhea the next day . what a joke .
0	dinner consisted of a flatiron steak ordered medium rare that leaned more towards medium than rare . the fries were a bit too salty and i came away feeling greasy and unsatisfied . i just wasn 't impressed . for the quality of food , i begrudge the dollars parted with for this so-so meal . there are prix fixe menu items for $ 25 that provides more value , however , i would be loathed to add on to a main meal that based on my experience would be unsatisfactory . the $ 7 cineplex movie ticket deal ( tickets can be used at all cineplex theatres , not just the varsity upstairs ) seems to be popular with diners .
0	paid $ 100 for the worst benedict and a miserable salad bar . will not be returning !
0	way over priced , with the smallest portions . ambiance and the drink list are ok . however , can not make up for the price . yelp reviews are over shooting .
0	listening to the gazette food critic brag about this place , i wanted to try.it 's supposed to be pizza neapolitan style i have been to napoli i know what it is , this place doesn 't even come close , tasteless ingredients plenty of tasteless dough the worst cesar salad ever .
0	the host guy was funny to watch , but not at all effective in getting tables turned and seated , and seems to believe his low level job gives him a pass to be rude to customers . i 'm fairly sure they intentionally stretch out the wait to create a false sense of demand and hype . there were always 3-4 empty tables while cranky people waited as if at the dmv . the food is fine , service is a bit awkward and certainly nothing worth putting up with their complete lack of urgency . it makes customers upset to feel like there 's no priority in taking care of them . hospitality 101 failure .
0	welcome to my service full of fail poop list . while the food here is tasty , the service leaves much to be desired . there 's simply no good reason to have people wait when there party is only one short and half the tables are empty . nope . no . oh hell no . so if you want a burger downtown try big grove , distihl , or even guido 's ( the service is only marginally better than farron 's ) . if you want the best burgers for your buck though try jurassic burger in campus town . word to the wise , # servicematters
0	my first red robin gourmet burger . solo lunch on a friday . i ordered the bacon avacado burger , bunless with steamed broccoli on the side . my anticipation growing . first bite , dry , well done . i thought i ordered " as rare as possible . " avacado ? nope . some tasteless guacamole that likely came from a can . at least the bacon was good ...... but $ 12 for this ? first impression was not good . i 've been told its good , maybe they will get a second chance .
0	we were having such a great time until the manager liza came over and told us to be quiet because supposedly we were being too loud during happy hour . they targeted only us when everyone else was being loud too . i feel we were targeted because of our ethnicity . besides being targeted , the service was really slow , and they got our check wrong several times . i will never be coming to this place again , and will discourage any friends from coming to this place .
0	waited an hour in line for this nasty ass sage chicken and waffles covered in some smelly ass rosemary . worst food i ever had ! ! ! roscoe 's is way better than this junk ! what a dissapointment ! !
0	the manager wasn 't very helpful . he basically told us all their customers were complaining it was too warm inside . if they could have told us when we arrived that they were warm we would have gone somewhere else . we won 't be back .
0	after the server finished her cell phone call in the back room , i was treated to a slice of pepperoni pizza who 's crust was almost indistinguishable from the paper plate it was served on . that and a domestic draft ran me about $ 8.50 . shoulda just gone with two brews .
0	manager acted annoyed that we asked to speak with her and then made a snide comment that our conversation was inconveniencing her . server offered free app , but never brought it . we asked for food boxes , came out on plates and had to go back to be boxed . overall crappy experience .
0	10 minute wait just to be seated , when the restaurant is 1 / 4 full . 10 minute wait to be served , at the bar . 20 minute wait until the food came , right as i decided it had taken too long and i had to board my flight . absolute garbage . never again .
0	nearly everything is made offsite , including the sandwiches , which makes customizing ( say , for food allergies ) very difficult . despite this , they do great business since they 're literally the only place to get food in this building . the salads are fine , but i have yet to try any main as they generally all have dairy in them . i had a soup once and it was really watery . prices are kind of high for the quality / quantity . personally , this is an emergency / crappy weather level place for me .
0	this place is awful . had a great beer though . but in an hour 15 min got one beer . i guess they saved me some money !
0	but the ambience was not bad . but it 's not good enough to justify such awfulness .
0	the decour is nice . our waitress was not very good . she was rude and ignored us most of the night . the food was okay . small portions . honestly i could have went to apple bee 's for what they offered . very limited menu its 2014 every restaurant should have a turkey or veggie burger option . i wanted to try the crème brulé but did not want to spend another second there
0	she 's extremely rude and aggressive . probably won 't come back to this location just because of her . she should not be working in customer service .
0	" the owner came over only to blatantly refuse to take responsibility for the misrepresentation on his restaurant 's part and rudely interrupt our attempt to resolve the issue with , " i own other restaurants . " i have never seen such a mistreatment--not even in the snobby town of scottsdale ( no offense , people of scottsdale ) . it was unfortunate , because the waitress ( whose section we were sitting while making plans to move our night ) was sweet .
0	i ordered an adult beverage and it was watered down and straight juice . i ordered one of their patron drinks , patron is not a subtle alcohol you 'll definitely always taste it . i let my waiter know this and instead of just taking the drink back to the bar and letting them fix it . he said he would let the manager know , which would have been fine except a manager never came . they didn 't offer to fix my drink or remedy the situation in any way . extremely disappointed and will never come here for drinks again .
0	our server didn 't get our orders right . they were out of ice and spinach for the pizza . it took forever to get our food . haven 't been there in 3 years and i can wait another 3 years to go back . it was not a pleasant dining experience . the server definitely needs some training .
0	instead of owning it or offering to try to make it right , she made more excuses . i can only wonder where her managers got the idea that it 's ok to lie to patrons and ignore their concerns .
0	public service announcement they will be shut down . food made me throw up violently . then i was denied a refund bc i couldn 't find my receipt amongst the throw up . customer service is always creepy . i would warn african people and ppl of african decent not to eat here . even though the business is black american owned . they do not cater to their own folks . just expect the worse treatment , dirty food , & slave mentality . a great alternative would be the new rest cherry tree house bbq nearby . way better food . this is a public service announcement- avoid- registered nurse
0	the food here has made me sick with food poisoning twice now. the second time 06 / 30 / 14 i had to go to the st josephs emergency room. bad creepy attitude from the night employee courtney or casey. i believe she tampered with my food. the manager dave is an absolute disgusting human being. noone willingly apologized , very reluctant to give refund. i do not recommend to anyone ! ! ! ! - registered nurse
0	like most of the people here looking to : hit it & quit it ... i hit this place up and i doubt i 'll be going back . there are too many people in too small of a space so don 't bother if you 're not down to " get down "
0	my husband and his friend had a foot long chili dog yesterday and both of them got sick . my husband had a somach pain and nausea all night , he couldn 't sleep at all . i 'm not sure the food was old or it 's a food poisoning . hope he will feel better soon but today is a super bowl night .
0	burgers are portioned and shaped to look exactly like a frozen patty . also no rare-well done option . can only pick pink or no pink ? ! ? ! is this a restaurant or fast food joint . also don 't ask for any extra cheese ..... they are out of 8 of the 10 . order drinks over the phone before you arrive .... 15mins for a draft beer 20 + mins for cocktail . also watch out if you wear flip flops or open toe shoes .... utensils and huge pieces of food under the table . stepped on a steak knife when i slid into the booth . waitress was a sweetheart wasn 't her fault the restaurant is poorly managed .
0	stay away from this restaurant on crowded days . orders came out wrong and took over an hour on mother 's day . this location can 't handle a large crowd for simple brunch food . when the wrong food came out , it was sent back and returned to us with a crab cake tossed onto the plate . it was obvious they hadn 't cooked new food because they aren 't capable of getting food out in 3 minutes . the crab cakes look like a sad pile of crab and filler . what a shame that an experience like this makes me want to stay away for good . the manager here should be fired for incompetence .
0	i came in with my family to eat since we heard it was a great place ! ! they told us the wait was 40 minutes well the 40 min pass by and i ask how long more and they were not even aware i was waiting for a table so they play off and they said 20 more min . i talked to the manager and he gave me attitude , roll his eyes and keeped giving dirty looks i was surprised how a prestigious restaurant can have some one so ghetto as a manager !
0	i asked servers for water once i finally got seated and they responded with " i 'm not your server . " really ? ! give me a damn water lmao ! i ordered a coffee and never received it . but the food was good , aside from being room temperature lol .
0	could modernize their menu . waited in long line though there was plenty of room at the counter . no menus . no silverware too expensive and no sides . everything is extra . weird .
0	not a home cooked breakfast ! hormel pre-cooked bacon ! not fresh bacon ! orange juice was gross ! orange juice taste like it came out of the can ! hashbrowns have a fake buttery taste ! yuck ! will not be back !
0	we called ahead of time to confirm reservations and vegan friendly meals . when we arrive the waitress had no idea if they even served vegan and gluten free options . she basically blew us off and since my mom has celiac it was pertinent we had celiac friendly meals . the chef has posted all over social media that this place is friendly . the end of it all we left very disappointed .
0	the girl at the drive thru must have been sick . she was leaning in the machine by the window . she kept looking over at us then stood up wiped the sweat from her face with her ungloved hand then proceded to get our food . if you are that sick go home . if she is not sick the manager needs to talk to her . came thru on wednesday august 13 at 17 : 12
0	i ordered a mcgriddle breakfast meal and headed to work . i sit down to eat and i have a sausage mcmuffin . a $ 1 sandwich instead of the $ 5.00 meal i just bought . i 'll never come back here . they haven 't even answered the phone to correct their mistake . terrible service . i shouldn 't have to tear my whole bag apart before leaving in order to ensure order accuracy .
0	it took 10 minutes to be greeted and get a drink . then when i order , i ask for a " starting salad " before my food came out .... to my surprise my food came before my salad and i sent the salad back . somehow i knew it was going to happen and it did . i guess starting salad didn 't ring a bell . no sorry or anything when my original waitress came back . if you love bad service , come to ale house in concord nc .
0	i guess they 're too big of a company to bother with us little people
0	i had a build your own chicken sandwich . the bun was soggy , the avocadoes were brown , the onions were unrecognizable and it had a strange perfumey taste . fries were super salty and i usually love salt . asked for a side of ranch and got a tiny little cup and was charged $ 1 for it . really ? everyone else hated their food and 2 out of the 4 of us got sick off of it . never again !
0	not once has the food arrived under one hour and 45 minutes.i don 't understand how in a matter of 3 years they still don 't understand the simple concept of food delivery . this time is the last time i will be ordering . mistakes can happen but 4 bad experiences in a row just means poor management and they just don 't care . they were never apologetic for forgetting our orders and drinks just annoyed that they had to come back again ( another 30 min later ) .the food is sub par not even close to the quality of the original location .
0	tapas were undercooked , drinks resembled nothing that was on the menu , and entree 's were anything but appetizing . i won 't be surprised to find this restaurant on gordon ramsay 's kitchen nightmares one day . save yourself the time and disappointment , and walk a few steps over to cheesecake factory instead .
0	girl at the register was rude , not helpful , and not interested in moving fast at all . order took way too long to come out , pretty sure they forgot about it as the 3 orders behind us came out first . love the restaurant locations , but won 't be stopping here again . cryin ' shame ...
0	it was 88 ° outside and 90 ° inside . took some time for server to ask what we wanted to drink . hardly saw server while dining and didn 't get a drink refill until five minutes before we left . asked for the check , that was another 15 minutes . server said i could substitute a salad for fries , ended up charging me for it and when i questioned it , he apologized and said he should have told me . son 's chicken looked like it came frozen from sam 's ( $ 11 ) and the food is way to expensive for the quality you get .
0	very disappointed because it had so much potential . wouldn 't recommend to anyone .
0	the people who go here clearly do not have a taste for good food . it 's a jumbled mess of bad service , large menus and cold food . about the only positive is the patio which there are few of around .
0	we went on a sunday afternoon and it was not busy at all . slowest service i have ever had . the server was alright the few times we saw him . the food was absolutely horrendous . we had to send back the spinach dip because it was so salty . our entrees were just as awful . will never return . don 't waste your money here when there are a lot of great options in surprise .
0	the wait was ridiculous when they had plenty of open tables , the service was terrible the waitress only came to our table to take our order ( once we asked her to take our order ) , and the food was not good for the price . would not recommend .
0	burger cold and red in middle . they offered to " put it back on . " forget it , not worth the wait and tater tots ( only + in dining experience ) would get cold . food was less than mediocre but the rude waitress guaranteed the single star .
0	the burgers are so bland and small . the shakes taste like all cheap fast food shakes and the fries , yes they are fresh potatoes but the texture makes them seem fake and they don 't have any flavor . the menu is horrible and only has like 3 items on it . i understand that californians love it because they grew up on it , but i can 't understand the rage in other states . i keep trying to like them because they are really good to their employees , but i really dislike the food .
0	server was slow in coming and taking our orders . it was busy , but she could have at least acknowledge our existence . service could be lots better , especially considering the prices . most likely won 't be back .
0	pulled up and was told i could have anything else on the menu but the " grill " is turned off now . weird because burger are supposed to be made on a grill ...... yeah . pet peeve of mine is when stores close before they are actually suppose to close .
0	all deep uglee lookin flys all in the ugly looking window nasty uglee place bad drive through employees smell like they just got out of jail and they look like flys i asked for a shake and i get milk zane i swear there was a buger in in because of this guys big ugly nose
0	this place has so much potential but a huge lack of ownership . disappointing to say the least
0	i recently dined there with a group of friends and colleagues over labor day weekend . we were rushed from our table by their vulgar manager joel . he verbally attacked my overweight friend and was abusive to our entire group . his behavior was an embarrassment to the entire wynn organization . do your group a favor and eat elsewhere .
0	food came out with onions . waited 15 minutes for drinks . no apology from the server . and she charged us for a side of mushrooms ... which we never ordered nor did we receive . manager said she could " look into it , " but we had a flight to catch . i suggest waiting in line for any other restaurant before getting sat here right away ... chances are you 'll wait the same amount anyway .
0	really bad service . as when we order a chowder and it wasn 't been place in and when we ask server that bring up food , he gave me a really bad attitude and ask if we want cup or bowl . totally not worth of second try . shrimp for linguine was so tiny , way smaller than other red lobster store . when my friend placed a order and want to change the something add in within 5 minutes she refused to change the order for my friends and said " i already place the order i can 't make any change for you . " i won 't ever come back again . if i can rate yelp with 0 i will .
0	fist off no tables for 5 or more people so our group of 5 was split . 5 orders 1 right and the other 4 were never corrected only a casual sorry was offered . i had the classic 2 eggs grits and sausage . the grits were cold , lumpy and watery . as a true southerner i knew them for what they were right away . they had been setting for a long time and someone tried to add some water but they added cold water and did not stir it in . i spent the rest of the night in the bathroom so enough said .
0	all food was cold. ordered an omelet tell. with an english muffin. both were disgusting cold. bacon was undercooked , eggs were at an unsafe temperature. also i was told that there was no flavored coffee creamer and there is in fact a flavored coffee on the menu. terrible service. even worse food
0	i hope this saves any unnecessary trips . thanks for the memories ! the location in westlake ohio did need some serious updating . i guess that 's not happening !
0	ordered the eggs benedict and there was one tiny egg . half of the meal was mashed potatoes and half the meal was biscuits and that was it . go find somewhere else to eat you will regret eating here
0	the burgers are okay , the mediterranean dishes are okay but nothing really makes you want to come back . my friends are always raving about their burgers are phenomenal and how their shawarmas are the best in town but i just don 't see it . definitely doesn 't deserve its praise .
0	she obviously hates her job because you could read it all over her face ! i have never been so appalled with food service in my life ! you have defenitely lost my family as customers ! ! goodbye !
0	our service was slow and it wasnt even full . the food was cold and tasted old . the best thing i had here was my drink and buffalo wings . let 's just say i will not be returning here .
0	all i can say is avoid this location , not even worth my time to say how bad a experience this place was ! ! ! !
0	all i can say is check your receipt and accounts i visited as an out of town guest and was charged four times my check and when i contacted the resturant i was told i couldn 't speak to a manager because it was the lunch hour rush and they would have to call me back needless to say the issue never got resolved through them and i had to go through my bank i will never visit here again and the food wasn 't that great neither was the service the only good thing was they validated the parking so it was free
0	food came out cold . sent out new order of eggs as first were slimey , actually raw . just overall bad .
0	maybe the colleges kids can live with it because it 's cheap , but the consensus of our table was yuck . chili was bland and greasy . nachos were the plainest i 've ever had in my life and most we 're soggy from too much cheese . bbq cheddar sandwich was doused in so much sauce and it all fell out of the stale bun with one bite . not to mention it was barely warm . chicken parm sub - gross . only thing that was okay was the fried zucchini and you thankfully can 't mess that up . waitresses were nice but i 'm not here to suggest servers now am i ?
0	they have no pickled tomatoes , the corned beef was plentiful , but fatty / tough ( so go for the turkey ) , the break was okay , but not great either . how hard is it to make a sandwich when that is nearly all you make . won 't come again . afterward i heard from other friends / family that they felt the same way and wished i knew before i wasted my money and time .
0	we will never go to joes crab shack again .
0	not at the price we paid .... $ 115.00 for our family . got a salad only to get to the dressing and there is no french dressing . all the other dressing choice looked disgusting . get to the pastas and the sauces looked alot to be desired . decided to try the mac and cheese . gross ! pizza choices , non-existant . video board outside shows chicken and such , none of that on the buffet . so i paid for my meal only to eat a baked potato . yippy friggin skippy . never ever again ! absolute rip off ! maybe you should consider a name change to john 's incredibly disappointing pizza .
0	the bread was just alright i had the everything . the corned beef was ok , the swiss cheese was strong and over all it would have been better with cole slaw or sauerkraut but neither was offered . hoping for better , pretty much your average chain sub shop
0	" we ordered immediately when we sat down . it 's 45min later and we still don 't have food . asked the waiter and he said he 'd check on it . he comes back and says the order was cancelled . he didn 't know why ...
0	lobster has no flavor which i assume is due to being farm raised and frozen . the bread is stale and bland ... chowder on chowder fries tasted like watered down 7-11 cheese sauce ... to top it off our order came out wrong , they took the wrong sandwich back to sub for the right one & just added butter to the top of the one sent back and pretended like it was the new re-made sandwich ! ! all this for a whopping $ 46.30 per person ! ! such a waste ! ! ! !
0	the pork shoulder tasted like it was two weeks old and reheated in a microwave . their fries were cold and mushy . the cole slaw was the only edible thing they gave me . the whole meal was so bad i threw it in garbage after two bites . to go along with the terrible food the inside of the restaurant was dirty and had a strange smell . it 's probably not necessary to say , but i will never set foot in hot sauce williams again .
0	the food was awful and the wait staff is sick of hearing how bad the food is they won 't ask you how your food is , they already know , they don 't mean to be rude they 're just looking to pay their bills .
0	i could 've milked a cow and made the ice cream from scratch faster .
0	no apology , no nothing .... they need new management in there for sure ... just horrible absolutely horrible .....
0	i had a burger and something called southwest fries ? ? ? ? ? the burger was soooooo over salted it wasn 't even funny ( no i didn 't eat it ) and putting tons of spanish paprika on soggy fries is a total waste of time and not to mention gross . also the place was not very clean would it be an inconvenience for someone to clean all the glass vases above the bar .
0	i have never seen such an unorganized and unprofessional staff in all my life . the customer service was horrible . where are these people from ? the food was way overpriced and they charge for every little extra you ask for . im surprised we didn 't get charged for extra napkins . we sat and waited for our food for 30 mins and when it did come they were missing one of the entire orders . it took another 15 mins to get the rest of our order . what a mess . please people find another seafood resturant unless you like being treated like a second class citizen .
0	this place sucks ! ! ! the meatloaf is salty and inedible . i bit into two hard unknown debris hidden in the meatloaf . the matzo ball soup literally taste like balls ! ! $ 19 for the meatloaf , total with soup and drink was over $ 30 . save your money go to a buffet instead ! ! ! !
0	what a depressing place . rooms are so gross . completely dated and run down . website is very deceiving . motel 6 has better options but for a third of the price . i 'm trying to opt out of this deal right now . i 'm hopeful to move hotels entirely .
0	and believe me it is not much ! ! and i am a hungry person .... and sad to say , i was not satisfied . the food items are basic and bland . nothing spectacular . the usual grilled chicken , mashed potatoes and gravy , ham , fatty meats , ... yeah ! ! ! see what i mean , and that is all i can remember because it 's not great ! ! ! if you are staying at sam 's town , do not , i repeat eat here ! ! you will not be happy ! ! !
0	i don 't go to this particular bojangles often but i was craving the chicken tenderloins after a hard workout at the gym . went thru the drive thru and ordered the 4 piece chicken tenderloins combo with a sweet tea . came home and there were only 2.5 chicken tenderloin pieces ! wtf ! for the first time in my life going to this bojangles was a mistake ! either they don 't know how to count 4 chicken tenders or they just decided to gyp someone ! go to other bojangles but i don 't recommend going to this one unless you want to get gypped ! !
0	do not get a car wash here unless you have 30 minutes to waste ! each car takes about 8-10 minutes and my car was still so wet i had to dry it myself . don 't waste your time or money here ...
0	85 % chance that they will either have it completely wrong or give you a 2cm tidbit of chicken and count it as one of your wings . boneless wings are sometimes rubbery too . management seems to be really trying to fix all the fxck ups and keep the employees in order .
0	you will be happier getting a burger from mcdonald 's . and i 'm very serious . party of four , we all ordered prime rib . it was dry and tough . two out of four potatoes were cold . ordered a pepsi and they delivered a 12 oz bottle and a glass with ice . low rent and terrible food .
0	dog food tastes better ... sorry no stars neg 5 ...
0	worst place ever ! ! ! ! i wish i would have taken a picture
0	you should just cook at home because at toby 's you will practically serve your self !
0	i love smash burger and i am a regular to this location . i have to always check if they put bacon on the sin city burger because sometimes they forget . the past time was the worst . i ordered togo and when i got home i got a nasty surprise . the cook took off their glove and neglected to put it in the proper spot of the trash and left it in my wrapper . i did inform the manager and she was very polite about the situation and apologized . just be aware that the kitchen staff is very forgetful .
0	all i have to say is the only prime rib they had was well-done - that 's sacrilege - all the other food was the same - over cooked , under the heat lamp too long , or dry - the only thing that was good at this buffet was the clam chowder soup ...
0	all i have to say is , think of the buffet clarke and eddie eat at on vegas vacation ... ok , maybe not that extreme , but pretty close .
0	right ... nope refused to make me breakfast on mother 's day ! ! i finally found something on the lunch menu but the server never took my order ... on mothers day ! ! ! ! that 's all i 'm going to say .
0	all i have to say is when i 'm shooting and the crew wants mcdonald 's and everything is wrong in drive through so i have to go inside and show the woman how to right it up correctly something dose not seem right , avoid this locations never had anything but problems
0	not a very friendly place . cashier seems like she didn 't want to be there at all .... not very cheerful and that 's what the food is too . dull and bland .
0	i got my son the kids meal chicken strips with fries and let 's just say i was scared to feed my son ! ! chicken was skinny and gross looked like it was put into a microwave and was just re-heated ! wings are super hard and have no meat .
0	what i got was barely heated frozen cardboard . i asked for the check - waiter did not ask what was wrong , disappeared . paid check with cash , walked out .
0	the food was bad . it tasted like oil was looted over the angel hair . and it looked like the restaurant was run by a bunch of young boys that didn 't know how to manage inventory . if it wasn 't for the company i would have lost it .
0	this was the second mcdonalds i went to because the first one was out of chocolate shakes . this particular mcdonalds had a broken ice cream machine . useless ! then i am stuck in the drive thru line for 10 + minutes because they are so incredibly inefficient at serving the 5 cars in front of me . seriously . this location sucks . stay away .
0	it 's 2017 this place needs to get with the digital era and not just accept cash . who the freak even carries cash anymore ! ? ! ? !
0	i went to mcdonalds and waited behind about 7 cars in the drive thru . when i ordered my diet coke , they said that they were all out in the machine . the lady was also very rude . i also ordered a mcchicken with the works , when i got the mcchicken it was just chicken and the bun . get some better employees who know how to do their job . i guess i 'll be going to burger king from now on
0	rude management . would not recommend . go across the street to lolita .
0	i had to send the first one back cause i well , wanted an omelete without cheese and it came to my table with cheese . so , 15 minutes later , a new omelete showed up . with cheese . i sent it back . how fucking hard is it ? is there some irresistable urge for the cocksucker chef to absolutely fuck up something as simple as an omelete twice ? eggs , sausage , bacon . that 's it asshole , nothing else . i can show ya , its easy . i 've done it a million times . fuck this place .
0	i placed an order to go for the chicken shwarma pita and greek salad combo . the pita was more like a tortilla very thin and falling apart . i could not even take the pita out the wrapper without everything falling out of it . the to go back was full of the garlic sauce . very disappointed i drove out my way for this . the service was friendly but it does not make up for how disappointed i am with my order . waste of money .
0	sunday night at 7 pm shouldn 't be peak dining time , but the drive thru line was 10 cars long . so in to the lobby i went , and waited in line inside rather than out . i waited , and waited , then waited a little more . after 5 minutes without getting closer to the register , i gave up . that was enough for me . in the end , i probably added a year to my life skipping my order anyway .
0	food was we expected but service was horrible . i placed my order for myself and 2 kids . picked up my order and went to my table . my son wanted extra condiments so i went the the pick-up area and the manager served three people and she disregarded my attempts to get her attention . i finally got what i needed and went back to table . my son again wanted some extra syrup so i went k ask and she rilled her eyes and handed me syrup saying " if you want something , just ask fr it when u order and it will be on your tray " and walked away ... rude !
0	got a number 7 with tots and a coney . ate it in the car and it all tasted like yesterday 's left overs . just plain horrible .
0	the website makes it impossible to complain and no one answers the phone when i call . i didn 't even special order anything , so upset
0	completely inexcusable and a pathetic service for even a fast food joint . would not recommend to anyone . p.s. i actually made this account just for this . that 's how pathetic the service was .
0	for this price could of went texas roadhouse for a decent warm meal . the menus were sticky and disgusting . i didn 't want to touch the menu . be awhile before i come back here
0	i 've been twice . this second time i got the omg french toast . i was expecting more . it was a waste of money for the quantity of food you get and too expensive . i haven 't been back and don 't plan to . head to over easy , joe 's farm grill , the farmhouse , heck go get a breakfast jack from jack in the box instead . the amount of time you 'll waste waiting to get a table isn 't worth it .
0	the place was half full even though the hostess said there was an hour and a half wait . seems like they 're trying to drum up a buzz for this overly conceived douche-o-rama . the food was cold , flavorless , and uninspired . absolutely underwhelming . ( yawn . )
0	all of the food at vitos is tastless , really does not have much taste at all. so if you have blah taste buds this is the place for you.it is also over priced
0	all of the food was room temperature .... fries , soup , mac and cheese , meatballs , toast , chicken fingers ...... it feels like leftovers from a bad school lunch .
0	i 'm from the south and this wouldn 't qualify as bbq in tennessee . very nice people , but the service is slow .
0	beware people ! i was fooled by these fake reviews here on yelp and took my family here for dinner buffet last night . there was a longggg line ... and it made me excited because it must be good . we actually paid $ 35 per adult and $ 20 per kid because it was supposed to be a special meal for thanksgiving . even make me more excited .... however ... big disappointment ! the foods were like crap . selection was soooo little . everyone in my family was angry . most of the guests ( probably hundreds or even thousands of there ) in there were angryyy ... do not go here ! ! ! fake reviews ! ! !
0	all optics , great view and a place to see and be seen , food mediocre , much of ours was overcooked , service was poor. and it was not just our table of six , friends had a totally separate table and had the same bad experience. if you are a foodie , toronto has good places to graze. this is not one .
0	been there probably 5 times and this was the worst ever . my wife and another couple went sunday around 4pm . we all order something different and 3 out of 4 meals were cold except the pizza . our meal was right at $ 70 not including tip . even the kale salad that we always looked forward to was not the same . i don 't mind spending the $ $ as long as the service is good and also the food . sorry guys but it will be a long time before we come back .
0	it 's a pizza , how can you screw it up so horribly ? waist of money
0	all show and no go , snow crab other then king crab , italian station and mexico syations tasted very salty , waited 20 min to get in , counted 25 empty tables , deserts tasted weak , would not go back
0	the wings tend to be greasy and oversauced , fries are always soggy and flavourless . you 're always guaranteed at least one mutant-wing in every 10 you order which is either all fat / skin or has a broken bone that leaked blood and marrow into the meat . anyway , i always avoid the chain , which is a shame because i was once a huge advocate until the awful drop in quality .
0	the initial service was good , then our server disappeared . ordered prime rib and it was under cooked , very fatty and tough . i asked for a manager and after an extended wait had to ask again . finally he showed up . the attitude of both the hostess and manager was very aloof . i have dined at the minnesota kincaid 's locations several times and have always been pleased with all aspects of my dining experience . this location appears to have lost the idea of what a fine dining experience should be . it is such a shame .
0	some subways are incredibly slow , some places are dirty , etc . what got me at this one was that the person making the sandwich put the lid for one of the food troughs on top of the plastic that separates the food from the customer , and it slid off and landed on the floor where customers walk in . on my way out i picked it up and handed it to the person and she put it right on the food ! i will not be returning to this subway .
0	sandwiches were terrible when i asked for avocado should have made sure it wasn 't a spread thought it was sliced . just disappointed all around
0	for emergency ( when you are about to die because of hunger ) you can eat there otherwise skip this one ! !
0	teriyaki chicken was weak , no brown rice option , and over priced , and the cook prepared at the speed of smell . good luck !
0	it took forever with everyone awkwardly staring at me . karaoke had a 30 person rotation tonight .
0	food is mediocre at best , draft beer is nasty ( i don 't think they ever clean out the lines ) , and the last time i was there ( summer ) , the bathroom was in pretty bad condition . they do draw a crowd of locals but for the life of me , i don 't know why . i only go here if i 'm out with a group and the consensus is to go to owg , but i usually do my best to steer us to another place in hudson .
0	the old white lady here is the most ignorant person i 've seen in a long time . will stick to 7 eleven on liberty .
0	this place doesnt even pass as low grade fast food .
0	fake friendly doesn 't cut it in the service industry .
0	don 't come here with high expectations . not worth our family breakfast meal .
0	meatloaf was hard and cold . theme here is cold . restaurant atmosphere was nice , bathrooms clean .
0	worst ribs , sausage and sauces i have ever had . terrible mac n cheese , biscuits and other sides . service is oblivious until flagged down . the whole table ate less than a 1 / 4 of the meal and felt sick and bloated . gross !
0	all it offered was tator tots , mini corn dogs , waffles , and chicken tenders . no nutrition what so ever except for the fruit and side salad that didn 't contain any sources of fiber or protein . if you 're trying to eat healthy i advise you skip out on nellies as none of my peers were satisfied with their meals . even my friend who ordered only the side asparagus felt sick afterwords . good luck if you decide to dine at nellies .
0	they always manage to have the worst customer service and always overcook / undercook my food ..... junk junk junk
0	maybe years of living on the west coast and enjoying fresh seafood made me biased , but ... clams were boiled in water . chowder was watery too . tacos - flavorless . the only thing that i liked were fries that came with mussels and bread with butter . is it worth a $ 90 meal ?
0	i ordered the portobello mushroom sandwich with fries for $ 16 .... they gave me a mountain of mushy disgusting stringy fries and the sandwich bread was stale , the mushroom tastes old and their was a boat load of garlic sauce that left my mouth feeling awful for nearly 24 hours and i 'm dead serious ! if a magazine is gonna call you the best sports bar in north america , the food quality better be there . awful , never coming to this over-hyped place again , could never get before anyways because they claim half the place is reserved before sporting events which is complete bull .
0	side course selection was weak and consisted of your basic pastas . asian cuisine came out of a frozen foods aisle and sushi looked like it was bought from a shity grocery store . i 've been here on two occasions and each time was a huge disappointment . for desserts , i made myself an apple crips with some vanilla ice-cream . the apple crisp tasted like an empty mush with a hint of cinnamon . if it wasn 't for the dash of vanilla ice-cream ( only a dash because the machine was empty ) i probably would have let the whole thing go to waste . so i ate the ice-cream and trashed the rest .
0	either left over from previous night or way over cooked . mac and cheese was pretty good .
0	this place is literally ran by 16 year olds . no this isn 't some mean way to criticize adults . they are quite literally all kids . no management or oversight and is extremely chaotic . i ordered 2 hot dogs and it took literally 15 minutes . there were like 4 other cars there . avoid .
0	this is the worst location i 've been to . literally only 1 worker smiled and the food was not very good . not sure how or why my lasagna noodles came out brown but it also didn 't taste fresh . when we asked the server he said it comes out like that after going through the oven . umm i 've made homemade lasagna as well as frozen and never had the noodles come out brown . paid way too much for food i didn 't even eat .
0	poor service , horrible stench and waaay over priced drinks . the only think missing was noting that i have twice seen a freaking baby / toddler in mcfaddens well after the appropriate hour . if the ' bouncer ' is checking id 's at the door .... there should not be small children in the freaking place . i wish i could go back and say sorry to all my hotel guests that i 've sent there in the past . i couldn 't help but laugh at loud at the many tables w / " reserved " signs on them . the bar was half empty lol
0	i cannot believe i even tipped the waitress tonight , she was horrible ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	all the restaurants up this way have closed down ... the food was fair and the prices were way too high ... they have switched to crooked river bbq ... their grand opening was october 22nd ... we ate there a week later on halloween ... saturday night ... got chicken that looked undercooked ... got ribs that were ok , not awesome ... ordered garlic mashed potatoes , they were out of them ... during grand opening ... hmmmm ... so got hush puppies ... not good ... and cole slaw ... no flavor what so ever ... the rib sauces were good , but the hot bbq sauce was not hot at all ... for a grand opening , we were let down
0	but the reviews about good taste and quality of food are inaccurate . the food was horrible , the chicken kefta was too salty , the beef kefta was under seasoned and the shawarma meat hard and jaw breaking .
0	i stood at one register with the light on and 3 people standing there and i asked to check out . i was told to step over to another register since i had cash in hand . then the girl at the register walks away and starts to sweep the floor . i just dropped my stuff and left . what a shame as this place is like the last chance in vegas !
0	the service is fine as well as the atmosphere , but the food is terrible ! i have given this place 3 chances and thrown out most of what i ordered every single time . all of the wing sauces are bland and taste nothing like their description on the menu , and all of the appetizers are straight from the frozen food section at costco . this was truly disappointing because i loved the place when it was cleats , but now its just a waste of a building .
0	the culture at old chicago is hateful and it 's because the servers and managers lack any real ethics .
0	plus hair was on bar . .... just not clean at all . but bartender john was cool , and very good .
0	finally saw us after we turned to leave . only two of us . man and woman . that means you get less attention . the floors were super sticky . gross . we had more than 4 different people come to our table . simple order of wings . messed up order . we asked for sauce on the side . it 's not sauce . it 's like cold flavored butter paste . it was gross . no wonder hooters are closing down everywhere
0	everything made me nauseated . except the bread . leaving still hungry and very disappointed . and annoyed on so many levels .
0	the vegetables look like they came from a frozen bag . the coffee is water and gross . not recommended at all . everything i ordered was a huge disappointment .
0	i have made my own burgers that taste just as good if not better .
0	they make you wear a weird hospital gown which they are very serious about . after eating my very over priced burger , and waiting in the check i took off the silly gown . i was approached by a waitress and told that i must put the gown back on until i leave the restaurant ..
0	you cannot eat or drink here ! if you are not a member should not be in yelp if you can 't enjoy it : - /
0	then when the food arrived it was cold . my in-laws have also gone twice and walked out the second time because the server greeted them and then after 40 min never returned to their table . after three strikes , i am out and never going back .
0	our bill was $ 80 ! most of the time when the food is amazing i will let them take my money . but when the truffle burgers has no flavor , was tough to swallow and the truffle fries and regular fries both taste like stale old pieces of cardboard . paying $ 80 feels like your heart is being torn into pieces . all i am saying is don 't be fooled by long lines and a full restaurant because it is a lie . and if you still plan on eating here the hell 's burger is probably the best thing on the menu .
0	but this location especially is the worst of the worst . not only do they get your order wrong , you get cold disgusting food that taste old and not fresh . save your money and next door to chick filet .
0	after the third cluster they start bringing out scraps that you have to pick thru . when we asked the server about this , she said that 's their policy .... so they do this by design ? ? ! ! after that they bring out small , old looking pieces with hardly any meat in them . the french fries and hushpuppies are one serving only . several other places around ( for less money ) serve consistent quality crab legs throughout the whole meal .
0	there is a catch to it . if you want to add toppings for your pasta , you will be charged 4.99 each time you refill your meal . staffs were so unattentive and food doesn 't have any flavors .
0	you will hardly find the waitress when you need them to get your 2nd serve . they will give you attitude so you will feel bad to order your second one . food serve in cold . they will embarrass you if you order your 3rd plate . ( i saw it happen to customer next to my table ) . do not get trap by their cheap price ! ! ! ! not worth of the money at all .
0	" went in for the first time yesterday tuesday the 19th of august , and had very slow service . i waited only 10 minutes for my first piece which was great . after that i waited 25 minutes for another serving . then after i finished that second plate - half the size of the original - i waited 35 minutes for a third . after more than an hour and a half i had less than a single rack of ribs . sincerely , disappointed
0	no kid menu , charged us $ 8 for watered down apple juice , and gave us dirty plates . staying at the hotel , but will not be eating there again .
0	i appreciate the effort to have something healthy and organic in a mall food court , but for the price and lack of flavor i 'll just go somewhere else .
0	if you 've ever had a real hamburger you know this place is way overpriced compared to the amount and quality of food they serve .
0	your food ain 't all that . a coworker was going by for lunch . i gave him $ 3 to get two double cheeseburgers . the receipt said , with tax , $ 1.83 , for one . damn , i 'll do 7eleven first . two bucks gets me a kick ass chicken sandwich . you need to lower your prices and improve quality of your food . i 'll stay away until then . way too many places to eat and spend my money at .
0	almost 2 hours to wait ... one hour wait and one hour wait on your food ... i was bored i had other things to do ... the food was ok but if you wanna wait two hours of ok food be my guess ... honest true
0	eggs benedict ! the muffins were not cooked , the ham was thin enough to read a newspaper through and the sauce was not anything close to being acceptable . it was clear and tasteless ! i will say the eggs were properly prepared . clyde simons
0	i don 't know how this place manages to stay in business as there are lots of better places to go in the area . popped in for a beer during ' happy hour ' and i was the only person on the terrace . when i queried the full price , i was informed by the owner that happy hour prices don 't apply if you are sitting outside . that 's a new one . won 't be back and will warn off others .
0	my philly cheese steak sandwhich was fatty steak , and ended up having some ham inside it . the monte cristo was soggy and soaked in oil and made on french toast . the garden salad was old limp brown lettuce . the grilled cheese has fake kraft cheese on it . the only good to our trip was our waitress was extremely nice . very poor dining experience . do not recommend .
0	it 's my sons birthday and he loves bacon , oh my goodness . it 's 2 : 45 on a sunday and we ordered drinks and their bacon poppers ..... bacon poppers were excellent , then we waited ..... waited for over an hour and a half . we then asked our waitress how much longer and she said they were just now starting our order ...... needless to say we asked for our check and just left . food menu looked great but i think they are catering more to the biker bar atmosphere . will not be going back or referring anyone there ! terrible service and atmosphere !
0	the biscuit was hard , the deviled egg wasn 't fresh and my country fried steak was soaked in grease . i always finish my food , but i didn 't / couldn 't finish it here . sucks , but oh well !
0	a lot of hype for soggy fries ... i don 't get it ... apparently not so sanitary conditions as well ... city of toronto gave them a conditional pass ... yep , thats a yellow folks !
0	it was prepared by the same person handling the money with dirty nails . he had been smoking and he reeked . i was expecting pickles or peppers on the side with a pastrami sandwich but nothing ! i am totally disappointed . i ordered the wedding soup too but received chicken noodles instead . a waste of $ 16.00 and i tossed it all in the trash ! !
0	service was slow , very slow . 25 minutes just to get a salad . drinks remained empty . i was about to leave when my meal finally was brought out to me . if that wasn 't bad enough here is the kicker . my meal said grilled on the menu , it came out fried also they forget my sides . wait , it gets worse to top it all the meal was overpriced 70 dollars for a family of 4 no appetizers and we all had water . needless to say i will not be returning . i hope people will read this before its to late , and no make the mistake of dining here , you will leave dissatisfied .
0	had the wrong theme for the location . did some cosmetic changes to the old weathervane but kept the same crappy falling apart tables and chairs
0	alright first chu 's mexican food sucks and now this ted montana sucks what a beautiful shopping center and you got two restaurants that suck don 't waste your time and money to this place the food is horrible service is all rookies 27 different waiters to my table horrible horrible i 'll never go back i do not recommend this place if you got the extra coin and you want a great steak go to the porterhouse that is an awesome place
0	for lunch on a monday there was only one waitress to a pretty sizeable crowd . the menu doesn 't identify that fries are extra and the amount they give is adequate . would not go here again .
0	i guess it 's a " hip " spot . it 's just a wanna-be mimi 's ( back in the day on bathurst just north of queen , best brunch spot of all time that unfortunately isn 't with us anymore ... ) would not suggest this spot . wanna-be people. wanna-be food .
0	i 'm yelping as we sit here . first they forgot one appetizer completely. never said sorry , never acknowledged the absence . nothing . second they forgot an entree completely . it came fifteen minutes late . no apology ? awesome . third they just threw down random desserts for my friends birthday without singing , without acknowledgement . nada . never again . food leaves something to be desired . garnish much ? ? ? ? ? gross . i had chicken risotto and it was honestly half kale .
0	i walked in on a tuesday morning , around 11 am . ordered the eggs benedict and a coffee . sitting at my table and admiring the few degenerates who were sketchily hanging around the entrance , my coffee arrives . complete with a dead fly swirling in the top of the mug . wtf . benny arrives and it is stone fucking cold . swear this could have been made a day ago and no one would be able to tell the difference . bread was soggy , and the meat was tough . probably the worst meal i 've ever had in toronto , ever .
0	we cruised through for some late night snacks . i 'm talking 6 double cheeseburgers deep that 's some top tax bracket mickey dicks order . so we hit the window and we have to ask 4 times . four times. for some ranch packets . that 's mad disrespectful . homie quentin at the first window only dude to really rep us and let us use our coupons . everyone else was mad dumb . i love mcdonald 's . i 'd die for my boy ronald but this location ain 't catching another dollar from ya boy .
0	oh .. no .. wait .... fourth rude waitress ousts us because there was a party of 8 before us ( of which we were not informed prior to the 30 minute wait ) . really musa ? no .. your brunch just cant be this good ! needless to say , i cant review the food .. i walked out after the 45 minute musa ordeal . if there was a zero star on yelp : musa 's service would get it .
0	that was because the service has fallen off so bad . i now wish there was a zero star option . we live close by and used to come once or twice a week . the staff knew my family by name . now , you leave the place to have a drink next door and they tow your car . unbelievable . no clear signage to warn you either . way to bring yourselves closer to the community . i hate this place . never going back .
0	unacceptable red robin you need to teach your staff to be more attentive to the clients because i have never been so astonished at how rude these staff was ! ! ! ! will not everrrr return to this location !
0	it 's reasonably priced but rather mediocre in flavor . great margaritas ! i gave this place a one star because even though the servers were friendly and knowledgeable the manager and ( seemed to be owner ) were awful to the staff . i witnessed them yelling at my server ( who identified to us that it was her first day flying solo ) -- she was nearly in tears ! the manager and owner need to get their attitudes together before displaying them infront of customers . again--- great margaritas !
0	alright well im going to have to say that my wife and i always try to get some good bbq from this place and when it was open it was amazing but they have been on vacation for about 3 months and its very upsetting to try to go get some bbq and they always have on their door that there still on vacation ...... awful .... wish they were dependable ....
0	so , tonight , i placed an order online , and called to confirm . i was told it was on the way . this was around 230am . i was told it would take around 45 minutes ( understandable ) at about 350 , i still have not received my pizza . i called again , and the woman on the phone told me they were closed , which is fine , then when i asked if it was going to receive my pizza i ordered an hour and a half ago , i was hung up on . i work late shifts , it 's hard to get food late at night , and it 's ridiculous that this seems to always happen here .
0	this place has pretty decent food . its not terrible at all . however , the place claims to be healthy and fresh ... i have a fundamental problem with a place that uses styrofoam plates , styrofoam cups , styrofoam to-go containers and individually plastic wrapped forks and knives . do you know how much landfill that is per person ? the food is okay , but there is nothing healthy or fresh about styrofoam . f- i wont be returning .
0	he has apparently sold both locations . this one is now something like " taste of chicago . " had a chicago dog there and it was ok , but the place has lost its charm . al , i hope you 're doing ok and weren 't a victim of the recession .
0	" if you 're incarcerated at mandalay bay and you 're seeking breakfast a la denny 's at strip prices , this is the place for you . mediocre .
0	waitstaff if they weren 't over the top friendly they seemed bothered . the cooks really made me feel like i was bothering them . really your job is to cut me roast beef sorry its so tough you need a chainsaw to get through it not my fault . all in all pretty crappy . i tried it 3 times breakfast , lunch , and dinner gross , grosser , grossest guess i wasn 't drunk enough . what really sucks is unless you want to have a $ 100 meal or a .99cent shrimp cocktail that was the best option . very disappointed
0	potatoes were cold and everything had the same greek salad dressing poured on top . some of the food was not too bad but the experience was disappointing . food served on thin disposable plates , cutlery was such cheap plastic that it seemed like rubber .
0	not permitted to provide water to dogs in 95 degree weather due to " health code . " have never been to " dog friendly " place where this has ever been an issue . dog lovers should avoid .
0	the waitress tried to sell us 2nd portions of certain items as there were only 3 pieces for our party of 4 . after we ordered , the runner then told us for an upcharge , they would have put a 4th piece on the plate . the ox tail croquettes were burned , the large lettuce leaves overwhelmed the pitifully small portion of peking duck , the pot pie balls were dry ... you get the idea . thank goodness they gave us cookies at the end for my birthday , otherwise my party would have left hungry . i predict that they will be closed within a year unless they bring in bar rescue ! ! ! !
0	food is below average and overprice for the quality . beer is not memorable but you will see this place crowded anyway , because of the lengthy patio an huge windows which gives a nice view over the street to it . good spot for watching people and that is about it .
0	we were really looking forward to a " hot " pastrami but the meat was hardly lukewarm bordering on room temperature . we have no problem spending $ 30 on two sandwiches on a drink if it was worth it but these were not ... will not return .
0	the hostess suggested that we buy a souvenir t-shirt - no thanks , the sleeveless shirt my husband had on was way nicer ! ! please update your website so everyone is aware of this dress code .
0	but the last time i was in and received the worst customer service . the people that work there are rude and do not put the customer first . it makes me sad that management allows their employees to be so disrespectful and not offer quality customer service . i work for an organization that provides alot of business to their restaurant and now because i have had such a negative experience it saddens me that this will not be our normal lunch place . hopefully they can read these reviews and work on their customer service and i will try them again in a few months .
0	hostess said there would be a 15-20 minute wait for my party of one . with a less than half-filled dining room it was obvious they were understaffed was offered a seat at the near empty bar . five minutes before the female bartender asked what i wanted to drink . got the drink and then stared at the menu and tv for another 10 minutes while she made drinks and i walked out the door . and the folks in the lobby were still waiting .
0	the main reason is because it takes almost 40 minutes for our food to arrive . and for some unknown reason , the table next to us ( who ordered 10 minutes after us ) got their food faster than us . we went there on sat. noon , and it wasn 't terribly busy . sad face .
0	when they brought me the bag i opened n notice the mac & cheese was not in it , i told cashier and she said they must forgot to put it in the bag . when i got home which is about 20 min away and was going to eat the sand which . it was the wrong sand which . normally i would just say it was due to the place being busy but this time that definitely was not the case . there was no excuse for missing the item or having the wrong sand which , most of the employees were just standing around and talking . the nac & cheese was awesome though
0	i certainly didn 't need to have nearly a fist fight break out between servers and patrons over labronn vs jordan . holy crap . very uncomfortable . told bartender and she didn 't care .
0	it was busy and service was terrible . our order got lost and we were promised a discount . we never got the discount . our waitress , gina , had a little bit of an attitude . burger was sub par fries were ok .
0	although it was the cheapest buffet on the strip with crab legs ( which influenced me ) i was very disappointed ... selection was very limited and prime rib was well done , deserts and salad bar also disappointing ... i will not go back .
0	i had the country fried steak dinner , with greens , mac and cheese , and okra . the flavor was great , but within an hour after leaving the restaurant , i was hit with some serious food poisoning . luckily , neither my wife or daughter ended up ill , but i am dealing with the after effects today with severe abdominal pain and most of my day spent in the lavatory . never again .
0	i ordered the jambalaya and after eating a few bites , found a one inch long metal wire in it . the manager replace the dish very rapidly for the same . not sure if i will be able to go back there with that experience .
0	only 3 pieces of spicy chicken left to fill my 10-piece order . and none of it tasted fresh . the mac and cheese was good , and the fried okra wasn 't bad . but , man , that chicken was vile ! the crew here seems to be mastering the skill of the vacant stare .
0	it would have been better for them to never even offer , if they had no follow through plans . now i not only had a less than impressive experience at the restaurant , but now i also have a poor impression of their corporate office as well .
0	the ownership certainly has no interest in anything but profits . the slow service has gotten slower ; the food quality has been deteriorating for over a year ; prices have been going up ( $ 16 for fish tacos ? ) ; and now if you choose a healthy alternative to their french fries , like coleslaw , fruit , or a side salad ( no extra charge at 99 % of restaurants ) , they whack you an extra $ 2 . this place , which started out as one of my favorites , is about as customer and health unfriendly as you will find in this area .
0	they don 't pay attention to the timers because every time i order food , the meat is stale as if it was cooked and stored for awhile , longer than recommended . the buns are also hard and stale due to them toasting a bunch of them before they get orders , which could be 30 minutes away . so in the end your not getting what 's advertised or recommended by mcdonald 's standards , due to worker neglect of job responsibilities . oh this is what a large fry looks like no lie . and half burnt
0	it is the bar / restaurant closest to my home . in spite of its convenient location , after my most recent visit i will not be returning . why would i when the staff can 't be bothered to feign a minimal civility ? i see from the preceding yelp reviews others feel the same . maybe the next owners will have a higher regard for their customers .
0	i don 't usually feel that i have to check my to go orders from from kfc but i will definetely check every item in the future . after getting past the hard biscuits we opened a container of " gravy " which was just was brown water . in all of my years eating at kfc throughout the country , this was a first . so either the cooks were lazy or kfc has changed their recipe . i am sending them a video and will hopefully get an answer . i am giving them one star because i am holding everyone responsible for this . they all saw the brown water and still served it .
0	the restaurant staff didn 't even tell our waiter we were his table to start the event off with . he 's tried so hard to make our time here better , but bad food and irresponsible management are 2 of my biggest turn offs for any restaurant . my flatbread was soggy , the chicken was dry , and was cold . it took forever to get service . they messed up my sister 's order , including the wrong items . and , didn 't include certain requested sides for the other 2 people in our parties dishes .
0	after ordering , we waited 1 hour and 20 minutes for our food . then they forgot to even prepare my wife 's dish so she had to wait an additional 10-15 minutes for it to be prepared . upon confronting the manager about this she proceeded to get argumentative , make excuses about how busy they were ( as if they didn 't know they would be ) and actually blamed our waitress for the delay in my wife 's dish . i would not recommend this restaurant to anyone , event though they comped our meal to try and make it up to us .
0	we had a birthday celebration and had a few extra add ons including a few significant others in which we called well over 8 hours in advanced and apparently they could not even accolade one extra chair which was crap . through out our meal there was multiple tables and extra chairs all around our party . also i had a decent pizza and ate a slice packed up the rest to go and left it on the table- no one even had the curtesy to ring us or even let us know when we walked out and left an entire pizza on the table . customer service below average with sub par food . wouldn 't recommend .
0	our meat was hard and rubbery . chicken was hard as a rock . sad because the service is exceptional . won 't be coming back .
0	it took over and hour for some of us to receive some of our food and most of us cancelled our orders because the plates were coming out individually at 20 minute intervals . there were no apologies and nothing but excuses . save yourself the frustration .
0	i make it a point to see how long the staff can go without saying anything ... like hello , or can i help you , or at the end , thank you . not a word , and i even gave them a tip ! i 'd rather go to starbucks where at least you 'd expect that poor service . avoid until they get over themselves .
0	the service is horrible . the actual chez carl is much better than this .
0	i understand if you would like to point out that it might not be allowed in this establishment considering i was completely unaware of it , but if our table is still consuming from the restaurant as well , i personally would consider it twice before interrupting what seemed to be a lovely afternoon snack , with such an unwelcoming display of service . would not recommend this location .
0	once when we were together and once for each of us seperately . thery need to impro e foodhandling procedures .
0	and it was non stop throughout my meal . not the way i was trying to wake up . i will no be returning to this location .
0	the larger lady who is often serving or at cash is sarcastic and makes me feel unwelcome every time i come in . i hope that if lynn reads this , she will not hire her for ruby watch co ( since ruby eats is closing ) it would create bad reviews in a great restaurant .
0	the pancakes were large , moist and fluffy . what earns this place such a low score are its slow and absent service , and total lack of cleanliness and upkeep . our table was wobbly and taped up . the floor was dirty , sticky and riddled with other patrons ' crumbs . the entrance door was left open , which resulted in flies coming in and out throughout our stay . the kitchen ( open concept ) looked grimy and messy . the waitress / hostess also walked in and out of the restaurant , leaving us to wonder if our food was going to come out . i wouldn 't go back .
0	pretty disgusted after that , so i 'm never going back . check your food everyone ! !
0	the staff has been terrible for years . the menu is a bunch of unappetizing crap , and no matter who is in that kitchen , nothing ever turns out appetizing . if they redid everything this would be a clutch spot in noda . until then , i will avoid it like the plague .
0	we had a half glass of red wine spilt on an expensive shirt by our server , len . not only was the glass not complimentary after that , but a new glass was not offered . furthermore , the only way this accident was addressed , was with a very rude statement of " if the stain doesn 't come out , call me tomorrow and we 'll see what we can do . " we understand that accidents happen , but that is unacceptable and poor service ! we won 't be back .
0	it tasted okay , but i was in the washroom for hours that night - i hadn 't eaten anything else that day that could have been responsible , and i 've had this meal before at other pbs . oh well - i won 't be going back ...
0	the food is expensive for the quality you get . i also noticed a short , red-haired manager yelling at several of their employees . it really brought a negative atmosphere to the restaurant experience . i will be going to spinatos from now on !
0	ran out of mac & cheese on the first day you open for the week ? no ribs either & your title says mrs.c. bbq ? ask for catfish , when i got home , it was frozen whiting , i could buy from walmart ! porkchops were shoulder cut , like in assorted pkg . , not center cut ! yams had to much cloves & dark . greens were so salty ! took a long time to get food . a ) food should be tasty & good , store front clean & organized this place looks like something from 1962 .
0	when i asked to be seated two tables over the hostess said no ! ! ! what ? no ! ! ! ! we went across the casino to gordon ramsey ' s pub and had a wonderful meal with the best service . bobby flay gets a zero for not overseeing his staff and forgetting that the customers come first .
0	thankfully it only lasted about 12 hours , and didn 't ruin my whole trip . the deli seemed to be well run , and the service was quite fast and good . naturally they charge a lot for the food , but when you are staying at encore , that 's how it goes : )
0	i walked in to place a carry out order and was greeted greeted by a very rude waitress . i just had to walk out and decided not to order there . i asked the other waitreddwhat was her name and they told me hiedi . ugh ifyou have an attitude .. maybe it 's time you change job field ! ! don 't work in a customer service field girl ! i wasnt even giving her an attitude .. she didnt even bother to acknowledge my presence . if you see a customer , just say welcome and we 'll be right with you . they really shouldn 't hire girls like that . they can be rude all they want after work !
0	the roasted olive appetizer and wine selection was good . our three entrees and two salads were not good . pizza was cooked to a frisbee-hard disk ; fra diavolo pasta was mushy and shrimp fishy ; chicken pasta was a hard balls of stuck- together noodles and rubber bird meat . if we had time to spare we would have sent all three entrees plus the two salads back to the kitchen . so many choices in downtown phx - skip this one !
0	their quality has taken an incredibly sharp nose dive . and the atmoshere at the palms casino is reminiscent of eating lunch in a chemistry lab . it 's a real shame , i 've been eating at hooters for nearly 30 years but i think i 'm done now . i had my whole family with me and they all agree . it just lacked the rustic flare of the originals .
0	cheese was not even cooked to the pizza dough properly and was loaded onto a double pepperoni when i specifically asked for no top cheese . i am well aware that pizza is greasy , but the amount of grease from one slice of it alone was enough to soak up two napkins . i don 't care how great of deals that they give out on their coupons , personally it is not worth it to me . will not be going back here ever again . much better pizza out there folks ! !
0	the chili was extremely salty and the shake had a weird metal aftertaste . it was a waste of my money and i had to go find something more edible elsewhere .
0	my husband and i both had a brown salad before our meal . he ordered the chicken fried steak and it ended up being equivalent to junior high cafeteria frozen patties . i orders lasagna and it was hard and chewy on the outside and looked a bit mysterious on the inside . i would not recommend this place . we should have spent that $ 25 elsewhere .
0	it looks and tastes like it should be on " restaurant impossible . "
0	the service is very poor and excruciatingly slow . prices are expensive - probably because of them wanting to capitalize on the downtown clientele . i visited with group of 9 people and we waited over 2 hours for our food to be brought to our table and when it final arrived ... all the dishes were cold ! we sent the plates back and they were re-heated . the recycled food was returned to us - the portions were small and the taste ( on whatever dishes arrived semi-warm ) was far from authentic .
0	not a " welcome " nor " i 'll be right with you . " meanwhile the only server / cashier / runner runs around catering to all other dine in guests with other queuing guests looking at each other like " should i say something ? ... " after the previously o it server / cashier / runner serviced all the queuing guests 2 other staff emerge from back of house to say hello to guests ... seems to me the location is lacking management ... great food however , don 't think i 'll dine here
0	they are located in the center of the 6th largest city and they have exactly one cash register . and not only that , the staff move as if they are mentally challenged and have an iq of 60 . the food is typical church 's but ya ' might want to plan ahead and make sure you have plenty of extra free time ...
0	we waited for our food for at least 20 minutes . there were at most 3 customers including us .
0	bluebird is the reason i am here . i want to load $ 1000 onto my card . lately the outcome is completely unpredictable . i called corporate to complain and they pass me off to the store manager . i get the same canned response , the lack of training and policy understanding flows from the managers through the cashiers .
0	today was extra crappy . normally they take 15 minutes to deliver food , but today they said 10-15 minutes for the first time ever . our food arrived an hour later . given the type of food served , every time a customer leaves , an employee should be out wiping a table . in all my visits here , i have never seen anyone wipe a table without me asking first .
0	half the time they have no plastic knives . some people like to eat chicken with a knife and fork . on the subject of forks , all the sporks at all kfc 's are so thin they deform at any temperature over 90 degrees ( see photo ) . the store was empty but the tables and floors were a mess ( see photos ) . their chicken was good on this trip , but not worth the hassles . not a pleasant experience . i 'll be back in 6 months .... maybe .
0	food is really so delicious but a more recent visit wasn 't impressed . had an off experience which i communicated to the restaurant which i and all patrons would think was not cool and have never heard back . i 'm a fair honest person so due to the fact they don 't care about patron concerns when it comes to their staff and their cleanliness and manner then i 'll take my money elsewhere . i 'd say they were top cleveland restaurant but have to move on .
0	i order egg mcmuffin a and usually get burned buns ... always check your order before driving off ! ! ! !
0	they had to remake it .. it 's always a super long wait , order isn 't right and have to ask for utensils and drink refills .. this place is the worst .. not coming back here anymore ..
0	today i go through drive thru and ask for 2 hamburgers ketchup only . first she tells me they ran out of hamburger buns and only have sesame buns . fine . then she kept saying only ketchup and onions ? what part of only ketchup is hard to understand . then i go to the second window to pick up the order and i give it to the person i bought it for and it has cheese . which the person is allergic to processed cheese . perfect . always an issue , nothing is ever right . save yourself time and go somewhere else
0	the food is just ok for the price be careful what you order . also seems that there is a very different dress code for men vs. women , ok for the women to where jeans and tank top but not the men ? ? the hostess always seem to be overwhelmed and there is a wait with empty tables . the daily specials run out very quick as they never seem to make enough .. overall they don 't care about return customers just taking advantage of the visitors . not the best value by far .
0	possibly the best in the city but always the worst service . always getting lip , long waits and eye rolls . starting to think thats part of the ambience . their just missing serving me on a pie dish plate and a couple curse word insults .
0	not one server will treat you the way you should be treated , they 're not rude they just seem not to care at all . i waited 15 minutes for my food to be corrected , 15 minutes for the check , 15 more minutes for a box. this was when the place was slow , too . the food is usually mediocre , fine when you 're hungover but not somewhere to go if you 're looking to wisely spend your money .
0	had lunch yesterday with some friends , i ordered the grilled cheese and had hopes it would be delicious . it was anything but that , i was so disappointed ! in addition to the disappointing meal , all three orders were cold when they got to the table . cold cream of mushroom soup is the worst . my friend sent it back and it was warmer , but you could tell it was congealed when it hit the table . it was a $ 70 lunch for 3 . not worth $ 15 for all 3 dishes . so sad , i loved this place . probably will not be back .
0	the rude kid tried to short me 5 dollars and then he said i must have lost it but he swore he gave it too me . someone came and gave me my missing 5 dollars . my brother who is a manager at a cookout said they should have broken the register down . i 'm never coming back to this cookout again
0	wnt in last night and was very disappointed . first of all , our waitress was not friendly at all but did tell us that the wings my husband ordered were going to take awhile . apparently , everyone dining in ordered wings . when the garlic knots came out , the were overcooked and it seemed as if they rushed the wings as they were hard and burnet underneath all of the sauce they smothered on . this experience has led us to the decision that we will not come here anymore . it was terrible .
0	but they had a woman without a hair net or hat working making food . when i asked the cashier why she wasn 't i didn 't get an answer nor did he make her get one on . sorry but that 's against health code . i guess they like getting hair in food from her . sorry but you lost customers after that . disgusting ! ! !
0	the majority of the wait staff are either unintelligent , look filthy , are uninterested or all of the above . the few times i 've gone ( because friends want to watch a game there ) the food has come out wrong and had to be sent back . one word : gross !
0	i simply ordered a soup with a side ceasar salad and i got a balsamic vinaigrette mixed salad . also the only reason i came here is because panera was closed so i will be going back to panera next time it is open !
0	your guess is as good as mine if they 're open tomorrow i didn 't see a sign in the window ..
0	always excited to try new places .. we decided to try east coast eats. menu offered so much ... too much we didn 't know what to order. we ended up getting the steak bomb. basically a philly cheesesteak. it was loaded with meat and looked really good. took one bite and it was so bland and flavorless. we ended up getting upset stomachs later that night ... never again .
0	3 times with not one happy experience . sorry to say but drinks are overpriced and not worth it .
0	i 'm fed up and done with this one the seriously need to change it because i can 't possibly be the only one !
0	used the tapingo app to get a grilled cheese with grilled onions , which was an extra 50 cents and it didn 't have anything but cheese ! didn 't notice until i was halfway across campus , ridiculous honestly .
0	5 agents from the same job came to get food and every order was wrong . we all ordered mild and for spicy the one who ordered spicy got mild . none of the sides were right and they failed to remember the drinks ! very annoyed and i 'm pregnant just wanted some chicken .
0	the chicken breasts were the size of the buffalo wings . make sure you check your order before you leave .
0	i 'm willing to pay more for organic food , but who knows how they are handled ... prob won 't return again .
0	when there is a sports game on , food takes long , i could have cared less about the hour wait , but when the waitress openly argues over what you ordered and then tries to charge you for it , well , that sums it up . manager just said he knows she has an attitude ... way to be proactive sad thing was , the girl she was training was great and was trying hard - won 't ever be back
0	best example of greed and not caring what they serve as long as they get some of your money . don 't think it is real food .
0	but i understand that perhaps they ordered something that 's just thrown on a plate with little effort , not this time . 45 minutes later and seeing multiple people ( that were seated at least 20 minutes after us ) getting a simple burger same as we ordered , our burger arrived , it was not edible , it clearly was sitting at the pass for some time . fries were ice cold , bun was dried out and the sauce had soaked deep into it making it impossible to hold . i give one star because they didn 't charge us . it sucks because we always go there and it 's been good , may give them another shot we 'll see .
0	went in and used my points for 20 ¢ off pump wasn 't working so i told the cashier . short old russian lady . and she looked at me i broked it . went out to try it again and it finally worked but i didn 't get my 20 ¢ off so i went back to tell her and her response was " not my problem . " wow really ? ! ? done with this place
0	just relocated to a new area and went here as it 's close to my new house . first experience was absolutely horrible , the service was the worst i 've ever experienced mainly due to a gentleman named anthony who was rude and dismissive . i want to start my day off with a nice cup of coffee and a friendly experience . i was not happy with how my coffee came out and anthony offered no solution to remedy my experience . i will not be back .
0	the only reason they get my business once in a while is to bring my six-year-old to the playplace . most mcdonald 's suck , but this one is truly one of the worst .
0	plus the restaurant is dirty and the last time i was there , there were bugs everywhere crawling around . i would not recommend eating here .
0	everyone who works here is so miserable . i hate leaving bad reviews on any place in surprise because i love seeing small businesses survive here but this place is just ridiculous with how rude they always are . i 've given it several tries because it 's so close to our house . we live in waddell and not much out here but it 's the same thing everytime .
0	always an excuse with that group . no follow up etc . very poorly run kfc . by far the worst i have ever experienced . i also prefer my chicken to be plucked before being served it ... overall very gross and very poor customer service .
0	.. so many people walked out today . missed out on so much money .. poor business . every cook jokes around never serious about their job very sad
0	went with group of 8 and 5 got sick , me for 3 days . called restaurant to let them know was told manager would call back didn 't happen ... eat here at your own risk .
0	ordered the asian salad with chicken to go . got home and the chicken was bad ... as in rotten , spoiled-it can make you sick , bad . how could they not tell ? i could smell it as soon as i opened the container and you could see that the chicken had that slimy coating on it . yes , i know - disgusting .
0	i went recently to find out the one and only decent item has been discontinued ! ? the spicy chicken biscuit of all things ! ? come on : ( unfortunately i have no more business to do here
0	soggy .. lettuce bad and lots of oil ! the salad was not good either .. was like it was sitting out for awhile . not fresh . bummer !
0	wanted to order fish and was told they no longer served it . about 5 minutes later the same waitress brings out a huge fish plate for the lady next to us . we are like " what the heck " ? ? ? ? needless to say if we are not good enough to eat what anyone else gets , then we are taking our business else where . the food that we got was not that great this time anyway .
0	to start with the cups the water was served in were filthy when asked for new cups those cups were filthy , also the manager informed us the filter was dirty the water was coming from . the salad bar was filthy with eggs and cheese inside of the salad dressings they were substituting bologna for the ham . and then it got worse the meal came 45 minutes later with completely raw bacon served on top of the chicken sandwich . it was obviously a filthy badly managed establishment . our waitress however was a sweetheart .
0	however today was miss informed about brunch and happy hour prices from one server to another during shift change and was given attitude about it when given the bill . so sad about this because i have always had excellent service here before . especially with a large group of us .
0	i had the classic breakfast , nothing too fancy , eggs , sausage , potatoes , upgraded to the biscuit ( was really excited ) . my biscuit was cold , flaky and almost undercooked . my eggs were fine . my potatoes were flavourless and a bit hard . my friend ordered the scrambled eggs and it was runny ( had to return it because she was pregnant and ordered scrambled eggs for a reason ) . service was good , the servers were a bit scattered but attentive . i was really looking forward to trying this place ! maybe they had an off day ?
0	last three times i 've been there they were out of cajun fries , onion rings and then po boy bread ! how the heck do you run out of po boy bread by 1 pm on a saturday ? they open at 10 and close at 11 .... they still have 10 hours of business . that 's a lot of time to not be able to serve one of the main things on your menu . will not return here again . waste of time . my guess is if i were to go again , they 'd be out of chicken by 11 am .
0	just sat and of course out if 1st choice . might not come back !
0	the serve overpriced bar food and the service is terrible . after you check in with no wait , you have to wait in line to check in . the entire process is haphazard at best and malicious at worst .
0	always rude , and the worst service i 've ever experienced at fast food , it amazes me how bad this place is .
0	the asian kid with the tank top working in the front had the door open but supposedly they were closed . this on top of two years of at least a dozen bad experiences of the employee smoking right by the front door the place full of kids cussing at each other when i 'm in there and a few other things i have decided i will never go back to this place and i just emailed their corporate office .
0	tonight i asked for mild tenders ... pretty standard stuff . " don 't have any . " no offer to make any . i said i wasn 't going to order anything then . " ok cool . have a good night . " they always forget something when we order here , but we come because popeyes has good chicken . my fat butt needs to diet anyways ... guess god put these employees here to give me proper motivation to stop eating fried food . seriously though , this particular location just needs to fire it 's whole staff and rehire some people that might actually like working .
0	like , horrifically slow . counter girl is always worried about what the others are doing rather than paying attention to taking the orders correctly . these girls would never make it in a real city setting ! they would be crucified !
0	always slow , never gets my order right , and never fails i always get a stale big mac
0	workers are short tempered with children in a fast food joint with a kid 's play area . manager yelled at my daughter not to play with the door when she was simply trying to open it . the play area is the only reason we go here . this time we got yelled at for nothing . last time we tried to come the play area was locked at 5 : 45 pm . we 'll be skipping this spot and heading 5 mins further down the road to cleaner , friendlier , kid friendly places .
0	waited about 20 minutes to take our drink order . not even an apology , i asked for a manager and was told one was not available . since it 's a holiday they don 't honor specials , but their signs out front say every sunday . food is okay , not worth the price .
0	have had pizza be under cooked . always feel like a rushed pizza was thrown together and not properly made . have complained multiple times and hope this franchise gets new owners or management !
0	we placed a large order at work for delivery and almost 2 hours later ( 4miles away ) when it arrived all the 8 of us who ordered could say is wow ! this is horrible ! ! ! everything dry and burnt except the wings that were 1 not smoked , and 2 were undercooked .. i will say the sauces were good but the meats were horrible , burnt , dry , just nasty .. do not recommend ! we threw away more than we ate .. drive another 5 min and go to pittsburgh bbq ! you will thank me !
0	total disappointment . food is always bad and never looks like the menu . this is the last time we will be at applebee 's . oh and they no longer have " riblets " why would you get rid of the one thing that put you on the map .
0	bought a full meal that looked as if it had been sitting out for hours . i 've been to quite a few mcdonald 's in my life time and it 's safe to say this has been the worst . i 've given it a few chances given its convenient location , disappoints me even more every time .
0	doesn 't matter if it 's the drive-thru or walk in its always going to take forever . plus they always get my order wrong ! you guys lost my business .
0	boy was i disappointed . ! ! ! made a reservation , yet to sit in the patio area , we had to wait an additional 30 mins . when we were finally seated , i questioned the wait time as there were plenty of open tables . now our waiter wasn 't horrible but he wasn 't the greatest . we had to call him over to get his attention several times . overall food was overpriced and was mediocre and i was so disappointed that i didn 't even get dessert . lets just say we will never be back !
0	didn 't know of the change in ownership and was surprised last night . dar ordered the catfish and i the usual fish fry . waiting time was average but few customers and no entertainment . food arrived and we couldn 't believe the size of dar 's order , so small it wasn 't hardly an appetizer . mine was huge , i gave her 1 / 2 a piece of mine but neither of us like the beer batter seasoning and didn 't each all of it . the bright side , they got rid of the so called " service dogs " which in a lot of cases is false . overall we won 't be back .
0	thanks , but i think i will stick to restaurants who don 't need me to complain to a manager in order to get good service .
0	food portions are small and overpriced . the food comes out either really good or really bad . no regularity in quality . staff is always not attentive and look miserable . came once to try it and came back to give it a second chance . not fooling me three times .
0	amazing chicken ceaser salad with warm fresh chicken , but unfortunately their protein shakes are absolutely horrible , and their cheese they use is cheap and feels like i 'm chewing on a pier of melted rubber
0	really ... it is incredible that we would have others seated before us then told we were not large enough for the open table so they could make more money go elsewhere if you wanted to be treated well
0	i called on a monday to reserve a table on thursday by the window since i had an out of town guest with me . i thought it would be nice to overlook the lake with a view of downtown . i was told those seats were 1st come , 1st served . i would think that a call on monday for dinner on thursday would qualify as " 1st come . " would i suggest this restaurant based on customer service ? ? ... probably not !
0	poor poor service ! had to continuously ask for things ie . utensils not at table , refills , syrup . saw our waitress once and the other waitress only served her tables didn 't bother checking to see if we wanted more coffee when she was already out there . very unfortunate for what seemed to be cool place .
0	worst bartending service , doesn 't matter what time i come in , always disappointed .
0	terrible service . the hostess was not nice at all , and we waited for over 30 min to even go inside and the place was not even close to being half full . our waitress was very nice , but it took a very long time to even be helped . this one does not even compare to the one in ny .
0	but wow did this one suck . i 've seen my " crab legs and taquitos playing in my mashed potatos " before ... but don 't remember the last time it sucked so bad .
0	i tell the guy my order , he asks what kind of drink i say coke , i get to the window and he 's like " so that was a strawberry fanta right ? " " no , coke " comes back like 15 min later hands me a strawberry fanta ... at this point we 've already been waiting a while so i 'm like whatever . i asked for ranch , he charged us for it , we get home , no ranch , and missing the only order of french fries ( also charged ) . will never go back .
0	slow slow slow and it took us 45 and 5 tmrw to finally get our checks . too bad because the space is truly great . get it together please !
0	granted it 's only one bartender but this was my first impression . she sucked ! okay .... i just had the chicken tacos . don 't come here ! bartender is an a-hole and the food is very low quality and tasteless .
0	we except for a day later when 3 / 5 of our dinner party gets severe diarrhea and stomach cramps . you guys need to clean up your act in the kitchen . we 're thinking it was one of the chicken buns that got us . and it 's probably from the meat , because of the delayed onset . tasted great , but we 're still paying the price for eating at your restaurant .
0	my friend once ordered a salad here . the menu indicated it would have cheese . it arrived without cheese . she sent it back and they brought it back out with a kraft american single ripped apart and laid on the top . i wish i was joking . great place to grab a miller lite and enjoy the view after playing volleyball at whiskey island . if you 're looking for good food or drink , avoid like it 's the plague .
0	i live in toronto and i just wanted to enjoy the view of our city on my birthday . i knew the food wasn 't going to be michelin star standard but the service and quality of food made it difficult to have an enjoyable experience . just way below standard for the price they are asking . they kept on pushing deserts on us . we were just ready to leave .
0	this place is far worse ! avoid at all costs . wish we would have looked here first . i only selected one star because i had to . so sad .
0	irritating ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! when are restaurants going to realize that they are in the business of providing an enjoyable dining experience - not like going to a club . politely asked that the music be turned down . got a miserable , sulky and dour look . the worst part is that they only brought one soup and we ordered two . not busy - no surprise . this place is another avoid at all costs experience ! did not leave a tip . the waitress did not deserve it - and the place is overall ridiculous .
0	the staff is rude ... don 't greet you ... they just seem like they don 't want to be there ... so why would you ? the place is dim / depressing and dirty . if your a pho connoisseur and see sauces and gack splatter on the wall you know this place is dirty . it 's just un-appetizing . if they don 't care what the dinning area looks like ... just wonder what happens in the kitchen . not worth giving it a second try .
0	long story short , this pseudo-japanese joint in arizona ( aka land of where you should be getting mexican food instead ) seems to pride itself on consistently shitty service , horrid issue-resolution , and perpetually menopausal waitresses .
0	all the rolls fell apart ... pretty sure the ebi shrimp was rotten as it had a sour mayonnaise taste , and the underside of ebi had large black patches on it ... i puked everything out ... this place is way too overpriced for crumbling rolls and rotten shrimpd .
0	this shop instantly loses 3 stars for the price . 5 of us ate here , and the total was $ 86 . the first dish we had was too salty so that loses another 1 / 2 star . the last half star is also due to the price . the menu says there is a 18 % forced gratuity for 6 people , and when we asked why they forced it on us ( without telling us beforehand ) for 5 people , they said it was due to holiday weekend . overall not worth it , just go to a buffet or head down to chinatown for equally good food !
0	all of it seemed to have the same bland flavor . will not visit this place again .
0	why ? the food was nasty as hell ! i don 't know if that is just me being picky and vietnamese that i think the food was not good . the fish sauce was way to sweet , the soup was sticky with no flavor . the customer service okey but never this place again ! do me favor people don 't try this food i rather pay extra to go somewhere better .
0	all they got going for them is crab legs the soda is watered down and there food is bland take it from a buffet lover i finally found a buffet to hate ..
0	? ! ? ! i am taiwanese so i know what to order to test out it 's authenticity and i was a little disappointed . as you all know there are actually no good taiwanese restaurants in vegas so when everyone started talking about this place i had to stop in and order some " taiwanese " popcorn chicken . disappointed ! the service was nothing to brag about either . i will probably not be going back for anything else unless someone drags me there .
0	i don 't care how great your decor looks or how hot your bathtub girls are , if i 'm going to get elbowed and trampled and crunched into a sardine can , i am not coming here . that is not the definition of a good time to me .
0	the service was terrible and it is very expensive considering the portions are half their regular size . there was a piece of plastic in one of our dishes to which our server said sorry about that and walked away ! our waiter seemed distracted and didn 't seem to care either way , no recommendations no water no personality whatsoever . overall a failure !
0	we also get charged a piece of green cheese cake which for my daught
0	service is dismal and you are charged automatically for 15 % service charge whether you get it or not . why am i charged 15 % service charge when there is absolutely no service ? ?
0	all we ordered ( karaage , gyoza , yellow tail , scallop dynamite , jalapeño poppers & ika yaki , are really tasting good. efl / bdb 6 / 30 / 17
0	so they said we had to wait outside . they don 't have a liquor license for their patio . the guy at the counter was so rude , he could cate less about us . skip this place if you want to hang out and drink ! they 're too cheap to buy a liquor license for their patio , and you always have a 1 / 2 hour wait ! yes the sushi is good , but there 's are other places you can go with just as good sushi , and happy employees & managers ! i won 't be back !
0	tea not included .. they took too long to seat us even when it wasn 't busy i had to ask to be seated 3x . we also called in reservations ... retardo ! too much rice on the maki rolls . they didn 't really check on us . we had to ask for water a couple of times , wasbi , and soy sauce . i don 't really like to come here but friends wanted to meet and that is why we suggested not to come .. bc of bad service . i 'm just sayin .. annoying !
0	we waited over an hour for our food and it 's only a 90 min ayce . we didn 't even want to order more food ! ! ' this place sucks ! ! !
0	my husband likes to eat , and ordered the fish and chips . was brought out three pieces of fish . after it was eaten and my husband was ready for more fish , the waitress asked him ( rudely ) " how many times are you going to get more fish ? " when he told her he wasn 't sure , she proceeded to bring out one small peice of fish , and informed us that anymore tartar sauce would be a dollar . frustrated , we decided that we were done eating . after we paid , the waitress told my husband that the tip was not sufficient . don 't waste your time here .
0	don 't go here ! ! if you 're going to advertise all you can eat sushi , then you give people all they can eat sushi ! ! simple ? not for ah sin . there are so many better places in vegas .
0	" with a group of around 25 , i 'm sure they made a decent profit . especially since after 40 min of waiting we got our first round of sushi . the longer they make you wait , the quicker you will feel full . it 's places like these that taint the concept of " all you eat " style restaurants . sorry kaze , never again .
0	come try it out if you feel like getting ripped off and waiting an hour for your food
0	terrible service . they literally forgot half the items we ordered and while we were waiting for stuff they forgot we waited to order more . before long it was last call and he was claiming we never ordered stuff we asked for 4-5 times . the quality is grocery store , the meat is fatty and the sushi ? well .. it 's grocery store .
0	waitress took our order of uni but the lady didn 't come back to inform us we won 't be getting it . wasted thirty minutes in a 2hr minimum all you can eat sushi ...
0	everything was terrible . for what it is worth , the place was packed . i 'd stay away . ick !
0	all of it was horrible . table was waddling back and forth .. napkins had stains ... i had hair all over my napkin & service was rude and non attentive . save 60 and go off strip for real ramen ! this place is a rip off ! horrible food ! horrible service ! horrible prices ! ! never again !
0	placed on hold when calling to confirm and stayed there for over 10 minutes only to have to call back . calling this time to cancel order .
0	manager did nothing to accommodate me afterwards . this place is never ready for the dinner rush ! never coming back to this location ! ! !
0	the staff didn 't seem to care and just said " we have new kitchen staff . " will not be back .
0	this wouldn 't be a big issue except that they refuse to make any alterations to accommodate their customers , regardless of the reason . they won 't add anything or take anything out , which makes no sense at all . i 'm not a vegetarian , but i absolutely detest pork , and it is way overused here . most expensive waste of an experience in a very long time .
0	she said it would still be at least 15-20 minutes ! it 's now 1 : 15 am and i 'll be going to bed hungry because i don 't want to be up any longer . the lady on the phone is very rude too . no help at all . pick anywhere else . you 'll be thankful you did .
0	we 'd good sushi there but it wasn 't anything you cannot get from ra sushi or any other spots in scottsdale . the price was 2x the other sushi spots . furthermore the portions were really small too . the decor was nice and trendy but we didn 't see any trendy people there on a saturday night . the only plus was the wine and mixed cocktails .
0	but that place is gone and now i 'm left at this place that is dirty , has horrible service , and mediocre food . the end . never coming back .
0	throughout at least the first six months of 2017 , the quality of the sushi has diminished significantly , its presentation is remarkably inconsistent -- highly variable portion sizes prepared , seemingly , by inexperienced sushi chefs , and service is very hit-and-miss . no longer a place i would recommend to anyone .
0	we ate here for mother 's day during the late afternoon . it was completely dead , which is odd for this establishment . the menu was reduced , and furthermore , they didn 't have many of their dishes available . i had to settle for my 3rd option . they only had coors on tap , and house red for wine options ( which was warm and disgusting ) - a huge downgrade from their usual selection . i was baffled . what happened ? not coming back ..
0	if you are trying to find a " soup " after hang over . definitely not this place ! ! ! ! ! me and my girlfriend didn 't touch the pho after taste the soup . msg ! !
0	waiter is hyper and rushed . sinigang came in lukewarm , we have to send chicken sisig back as it is also cold . it is only 8pm and a lot of things are not available , the buco pandan serving is not as generous as the one in glendale and west covina .. this is suppose to be their training center so i expected some good service . needs a lot of improvement .
0	you have to be cantonese in order to get some respect there . will not be going back .
0	we finally had to flag a waitress down and order it in person instead of the ipad . also had to constantly flag someone down to have our drinks refilled . the staff is completely unorganized and occasionally you can see them standing around talking to each other instead of servicing customers .
0	i used to be a customer . i won 't step foot in that place again . greed .
0	do not get the " whose your daddy " roll ! it tasted like ammonia . it was the worst sushi i have ever had . try happy endings or something else .
0	first of all , we all know this isn 't really chinese food . that said , i wasn 't expecting real chinese . i was , however , expecting to get what i ordered . 2 plates with 2 entrees on each . the first was noodles with broccoli beef and orange chicken . the other was broccoli beef and vegetables with noodles . neither had beef ..... not a single morsel ! considering the vegetables were requested as the second entree , you would think it would be a mound . nope ..... more broccoli . no napkins . never again .
0	you know what else is not ok ? being a waiter and not knowing what is on your menu . cmon ! the pad thai wasn 't as terrible as the one at thai house ( near ballantyne ) , but it was still not good . the texture of the noodles wasn 't good , it was too saucy , and i didn 't like the flavor . plus , they added peanuts when i said no peanuts ! i guess i would be open to trying the curry , but i 'm pushing this one down to a 1 star for now . p.s. fortunately there was no line here today , but why is there usually a line at this place ? !
0	and i will be blunt with my reason : the manager ( or maybe owner ? ) here is rude . what sucks about it is , i was once a customer that came in twice a week with other people , and never felt like i offended anyone in the restaurant in any way . in this particular we walked out , he stared at us as we walked out , and continued using his iphone . with " service " like that , i 'd rather go to any other sushi place here in vegas . i won 't be returning here until i 'm certain the restaurant has changed owners or management .
0	i went a couple of times already . the first time , i thought the food was decent . then it went down hill from there . my wife and her friend went there to catch up on stuff and i had them order me a pad thai . there was egg shells in the meal ..... not a good thing . then today , i ordered 2 pad thais to go . sure the portions were big but they cooked under 5 minutes . that also is not a good sign . i took a bite and there was not a hint of flavor . it was like i was eating spaghetti noodles without sauce . very disappointed !
0	they no longer have to worry about my business .
0	also , just realized it 's a great place for the precious lookalike contest !
0	egg rolls were like soggy dog food . chicken curry i ordered was in a very bland sauce bone in , which was not in the menu . needless to say i didn 't finish it . when i asked for kid chopstick helpers for my daughter i got a rude response of only having plastic silverware . the only mildly redeeming quality of this place was their fried rice which was edible but quite greasy . will never return here . sorry guys . service could be better as well . also it says cash only up front , but they take cards .
0	i was willing to put up with bad service until i was denied service at all ... twice ! ok , yellowtail is off my list ! good luck , hit it right and it 's great , hit it wrong and you 'll never come back ...
0	the food was amazingly crappy . i ordered the bok choy chicken , which was almost decent . my boyfriend ordered the orange chicken , which definitely made me want to throw up , first bite . both were hugely lacking flavor .
0	this half hour wait did not make any sense given there were many open tables . we were only two people and when we walked in there were two two-tops available and when we left 20 minutes later , one two-top was still available . this is extremely inefficient and resulted in lost business .
0	i asked for extra tartar sauce with my meal and the cashier was extremely rude with me . she told me that she 's going to just give me 2 and that i have to be ok with it . i was appalled at how she spoke to me and how rude she was . i don 't think i will be going back there and it 's all because of the service .
0	when i called they told me it was 19.95 and refused to give it to me as their advertised price . so soliciting in a prohibited area and false advertising , sounds like a place i would really trust to make food for me ....
0	never returning ! to make matters worst he tried excusing this saying it was normal because it is organic and natural . hmmm no !
0	was ignored by staff and waited 15 minutes to be seated , then food took 30 minutes to arrive . eventually told them i was going to leave if food didn 't arrive in three minutes . don 't know if it 's that i didn 't look asian enough , but we got service after others who arrived after us . really bad taste in my mouth at this place .
0	the service is terrible and the menu is extremely over priced , and my neighborhood sushi joint has better rolls and sushi , heck , my local grocery store has much better sushi . the drinks are around twenty bucks and nothing special about them . i ordered a couple of rolls and a ramen soup , my soup never arrived . they messed up the bill , and later came back and took our bill away coz they forgot to add something ... for three people the bill was close to $ 400 , all we had was a few bits and a couple of drinks .
0	for example , they serve kona kampachi , which is the brand name for a fish sold by a farm in hawaii . on top of that , they do not label which fish is farmed and which is wild . so , the only thing you can do is ask . and , i would also ask whether the meat you 're ordering is actually organic , because if the restaurant is willing to mislead their customers about the fish , i wouldn 't trust them about the meat either ! why anyone would want to patronize a restaurant that has so little respect for the customers that it lies to them about about what 's on the menu ?
0	sad to say , i actually received better service at pho hung . it 's hard to enjoy a meal when even your waitress would ( understandably ) rather be somewhere else ..
0	was at joe 's indisn buffet last tuesday and everything was fine until i saw part of a steel wool ( the one you use for scrubbing ) on their rice and whe i mention this to one of the woman she seems not to care about it and did not apologgze . at this point i kind of lost my appetite and soon after we left and on the way out i saw a cockroach crawling on the stairs . i mention this to somebody who i know was at this plac before and he told me that he saw a cockroach there as wel ... eewwwww ! needless to say i am not going back to this place again until they clean up their act .
0	although the food is good , be very careful , they will overcharge you. rude service too , will comment on your tip .
0	i also had to tell the waitress to take it off my bill . they did offer to give me a new bowl of gamjatang , but it probably would have came from the same batch the hair was in , so i declined .
0	although the food is ok , the consistently rude inattentive service here is a dealbreaker .
0	maybe it is ok to eat at the restaurant but i do not recommend ordering delivery .
0	my friend and i called to order a take out , she has an awesome irish accent however the girl who answered saw fit to mock her after setting the phone down . if you 're going to mock someone make sure you put them on hold first . when she asked to speak to the owner she was told they were not there . she later called again asking for the owner or management and again was denied . will not be going back and letting people know what kind of employees they have .
0	it looked as the the floors weren 't cleaned for days and the tables weren 't clean . what 's worse was that the wait staff stepped over the dirty floors time and time again not noticing or caring it was disgusting . bad experience .
0	waited about 10 min to get water . another 20 min to place our order ( mind you they were nowhere near busy ) . staff only came by once to check and see how we 're doing . again the food was great but that doesn 't make up for horrible service and count me out on coming back to this place .
0	when we walked inside the restaurant , we were immediately seated because there were many empty seats . however , they realized that the tables they sat us at were already reserved . they then asked us to move . what kind of restaurant ask their customers to move when there are lots of empty seats available ? overall , the disappointing service overshadowed the food .
0	maybe that is how they do it in china , but i expect a little more courtesy !
0	although the food ws good , we were disturbed that the only washroom had no hot water for staff to wash their hands .
0	the main dish was not even that big , i 'm used to ask for one and share it with my husband , this one was mostly rice . terrible . not coming back .
0	instead they open at 11am . when advised of their website 's error , the staff didn 't seem overly concerned , and i was told that they would " look into it . " disappointed as this was my last dining experience in phoenix before flying out .
0	portions are small and pricey , and they take forever to come . worst of all i couldn 't even enjoy the new decor as my family and i got placed in the dingy basement . how unfortunate .
0	when we had our drinks they gave us a very dirty glass . who couldn 't they notice ? we waited for almost 30 minutes to have our food and to be honest it 's too expensive for what you have . i 'm definitely not trying again .
0	i will never step foot in that place . ordered a few items and immediately noticed a weird smell ( dirty rag / dirty dog / wet cat / damp socks ) . as soon as i placed the plate of sushi in front of me it was apparent that the source of the smell was something on my plate . to top it off the customer service is horrible . waitress ignored us .. sushi cheff literally took 20 minutes to simply acknowledge that we were there when there were only 2 other people at the counter . there are plenty of other good places to spend $ 60 bucks on lunch and this is definately not one of them .
0	we just stand 15 minutes ， together with other two guests . although food is good here ， but i will not come here anymore . just donot want to be rude and say fuck ， but this is not the way restaurant serve guests .
0	we choose the deluxe menu at 21.99 rather than the regular 18.99 because of the spider roll . when we followed up on the spider roll and bbq eel roll , illogical and inconsistent lies followed . ( supplier deliveries , being made takes longer ) the sushi was alright and crumbly makis . at the end , no apologies and no acknowledgement of the deceit . at the end we even had to explain our tip amount !
0	i ordered ravioli with meat . it seemed straight out of the freezer and prepared . taste was subpar . she ordered soup . very poor . she hardly ate it . this is a cash only restaurant . why ? also , byob . no alcoholic beverages . makes me think of irs and / or licensing problems . there are so many other great restaurants . take a pass on this one and go somewhere else .
0	we had to wait more than 35 minutes to receive our udon noodle soup . seriously folks , i 'm no chef , but i 'm pretty confident that it doesn 't take 35 + minutes to make hot soup . additionally , the waitress never got around to our table to refill our drinks . the amount of customers here was not even close to being overwhelming . this is the first and last time that we 'll dine here .
0	although i 've still enjoyed this place by sitting at the sushi bar , tonight the manager changed the tv station from a playoff baseball game and then nastily said she " couldn 't change it because people will want to stay longer . " when we asked if we could please talk to a manager , she said she was the manager and if we didn 't like it we could leave . just wow . all you can eat sushi with a side of bitch !
0	although the sushi rolls tasted great the service was less than spectacular , felt like we where a burden to the servers by having to ask for more water or to order more food , there was no constant checkins to see how we were doing .
0	if you like fresh , spicy , well prepared thai food there are far better options . the spring rolls were bland , and the pad thai was even worse . it was likely prepared by someone with limited knowledge of thai cuisine , and tasted as if someone had doused the noodles in ketchup , and then stirred in some green onions . old , frozen shrimp in the dish added an element of unpleasant fishyness . could i taste a hint of that nice sourness that tamarind paste delivers ? not at all . served with a lemon ? come on now .
0	first things first .... the service is horrible ! all the staff were young and have no idea what they 're doing ! all they 're good at is walking around . walking like they 're all models for us to watch . they did not tend to any of our needs , it took multiple waves for us to be noticed . honestly , we only saw one person who was actually doing work and that 's the guy who delivered the meat . the restaurant looked pretty overstaffed , maybe they need to focus on hiring people with experience first then i 'll go ahead and give it one more shot .
0	i 've been and on and off customer hewre for almost ten years . ten years ago the food was good and the sushi was excellent . over the years every aspect of dining here has declined to the point where we will never go here again . the sushi is ok if you eat it there , to go orders always suck . all the other dishes are just very ordinary fast food chinese-take-out stuff . always very greasy and oily even when you request very little oil . why does it take half a cup of oil to make lo mein ? service is embarrassingly bad and the managers or owners are terrible . red bowl will never see another penny from this household .
0	if that was the case then the website should 've clearly stated that and shouldn 't have allowed us to make a reservation . why did it give us a confirmation email ? i will never recommend this place to my friends , family or business associates !
0	my kid and i went to get some california rolls and it took more than 25 minutes and 5 complaints to 3 different employees to get our food . it 's not like it had to be cooked . i even yelled out my complaint so everyone in the restaurant knew how upset i was . when the food was delivered , it was almost thrown at us . i asked to speak to a manager - but there wasn 't one available . that is one restaurant that i will no longer frequent . go there at your own peril .
0	the dishes that arrived were good but totally standard , not what one expects as a chef 's choice . and we would be only half way through a course and they were removing our plates and trying to give us the next one . after complaining three times , finally to the man who sppeared to be the manager , the service finally slowed down . but by then there was only desert , the black sesame ice cream . a good but not special chef " s choice . fiercely aggressive table service , apparently an attempt to seat another group at our table as soon as possible . i doubt i will ever return .
0	would hate to trouble you after charging $ 18 for fried cheese tapas . seriously ? i think we have grown accustom to 20 % and have totally stopped working for it .
0	always always a bad customer service experience this place does not care about you from management to hostesses to delivery drivers never again
0	when you finally get served the servers barely give you any meat with your entrees . last time i visited their beef and broccoli was almost all broccoli and very little or no beef .
0	always ! sticky table and tab water . salty soup and no taste . the average pho price is higher than other pho places in local . only location is good .
0	i have tried to give them many chances . tonight is my 5th try . no more . shame on me for trying then five times . if you like receiving your food late and cold then just do phone order with this place . let me add this time i even had to go find the driver .
0	she will not believe your comment their food was spoiled as if the customer deliberately ruin the bought food . there is no trust and honour . overall , the experience was nightmarish . perhaps the food can be good at times , but the lady is hell bent to argue as if she is the victim and not the customer who paid for the bad food . sometimes , i have to wonder why people still go back for punishment .
0	always bad service used to be good food those old ladies pushing the carts too slow and only one cart of dimsum rolling around even their busy
0	fine . can 't do much about that now , can we ? so they reluctantly and with hesitation went to cook the wings . then we can only have 2 ranch sauces with our order . 2 sauces ? no " sorry , " no " thank you for your patience . " wish they never closed the other location on sahara .
0	guess what ... they raised the price to $ 6 . and the machine only takes exact change . so if you do not have a $ 1 bill you need to go inside . they got greedy for $ 1 . now i have no reason to come here because the new terribles one block away , which has a much better wash , charges $ 6 . so they lost me as a customer for gas , food , and car washes ... all over their $ 1 . greed never makes friends - only enemies .
0	we noticed he didn 't even bring the order in the back . ended up leaving after 50min of waiting total with no order in and no food still .
0	food never feels fresh , even when i pick it up . today i got my food and my order wasn 't even correct .. won 't be ordering from here again . i feel as if i waste money every time i order from here .
0	their beef is like rubber and orange chicken is dry . their fried rice has no flavor and neither does their chow mein . no thanks !
0	we called to place a order and we decided to have it delivered . the lady taking the order was going to charge the two of us ordering separate delivery charges and had attitude when asked why ! never again will we eat here again , so disappointed ..
0	i started going across the street to d.j.k bbq . food is better than tofu hut and customer service is excellent . i don 't think i 'll ever go back to tofu hut .
0	the delivery driver tor is very rude and slow . won 't be again , filthy workers !
0	called in on what time they close and the lady told me 9 : 30 but got there and it was closing at 9 : 00 . drove 30 mins out of my way . not cool at all . won 't get my business again .
0	ordered 30 bucks of food ( 2 meals ) which included paying the extra for the steak . the food came out and was the portion size was exceptionally small compared to our previous visits . we asked the server who acknowledged it too . the server went to the young chef who said the portion size was fine and returned the meals to us looking a little embarrassed . won 't be going back now as awful customer service and for 30 dollars this is not worth it
0	this time we made a reservation , but when 2 people of our party weren 't there they refused to seat us . then when our friends showed up 5 minutes later , we were told our table was given away and it would be another 30 minutes .
0	however i walk in on thursday at 8 : 40 and was refused service because we close at 9 . needless to say i won 't return .
0	tried to order again from this place . smart ass answering the phone can 't wait for me to finish a sentence . took me 8 months to try this place again and boom back to never . you guys used to be good . your costumer service has to be the worst quickie burger has better service hands down than you . and fyi if some asian person is trying to give them 5 stars it 's because it 's there friend . the owner knows there 's service is shit .
0	saw they had different flavors so i wanted to try . i asked basic questions , is it powder or juice ? girl couldn 't answer and said she didn 't know . i asked about the bubbles , hard or soft . she said they were freshest bubble ! ! she comes back and it 's the worst flavor i 've ever had , pineapple . the bubbles weren 't edible and were so old they couldn 't even be chewed . i asked to try another one since i didn 't like it and she walked away . won 't be back ! ! ! bad taste and bad service .
0	went to pickup after said time and stood there with a bunch of other very irritated folks while waitresses and waiters complained and swore as they walked by . ended up getting a refund because i had to go . a refund that was not graciously given . why not just tell me it 's going to be an hour guys ?
0	it 's more than likely based on the cost of beers rather than food quality . my sushi was warm , food was cold , and the chicken in my stir fry tasted old .
0	finally got my wife to go & she ordered a 1 star but only ate about 8 bites . just ate her leftovers & now i know why - it was 3.5 - 4 stars . service was always questionable here but that 's bs ! and i say that because i 'm almost positive it wasn 't a mistake .
0	no one seems to have a clue what 's going on , nor do they care that they don 't . wendy 's used to be a safe choice for fresher than the norm fast food . now i avoid at all costs .
0	waste time ! if you decide to eat here , you would better call them first to make sure it is open or not ! tricky restaurant ! absolutely no responsibility to the customers .
0	recent experience today was an indifferent response to waiting 50 min for takeout ( they told me 20m ) . scolded for asking on order status . tried to wait patiently as everyone else ( 10 + ) folks got their food first . spoke to owner , but he did not care . disappointed to say will not go there again . not worth the disrespect and treatment .
0	ever get that feeling when you walk into an empty restaurant and you know you should just turn around and leave ? this is that kind of place . from the decor , sparsely populated fish tanks , plastic foam holding up the fake tree , messy desk area and on top of all that they seat us ( almost empty by the way ) right where the server goes for water , utensils and all that . what we ordered : read the rest of the review here and others : http : / / chefboyd.com / 2012 / 11 / 25 / thai-original-bbq /
0	thank goodness for the professional waiters who excelled the experience . i am certain mr. robuchon is not cooking in the back . as a french person born and raised on this cuisine ... i can ascertain that this is not the cuisine culture i experienced growing up . however this is not important ... great chefs leave their mark regardless of whether or not they are not in the kitchen . the food was not horrible but extremely average . this restaurant is for people who are not familiar with good cuisine who feel the need to flush dollars down the toilet .
0	( b ) mediocre food : tomatoes were hard & tasteless like you 'd find at giant eagle ; salad was ridiculous--mainly cheap iceberg lettuce with a few tomato slices ; main course was nothing special ( c ) cash-only accepted : who 's heard of a restaurant that doesn 't take credit cards ! ! ! i mean , even the tiny village restaurant near nanjing , china takes my american express card ? ! oh yeah , they do post a tiny , hand-written sign near the entrance that states " cash & personal checks accepted . " c 'mon , they take personal checks but not credit cards ? !
0	the place was closed a full half hour before the posted time - i knocked on the door and waved at the workers and all three shrugged and refused to open the door to provide service . extremely disappointing and frustrating experience . won 't be coming back , and won 't be encouraging anyone else to either .
0	that is so disgusting . the place does not seem hygienic at all . they also have signs posted everywhere that you must wash your hands before you go to the buffet and that makes it even more disgusting . are people putting their hands inside the buffet ? the food was completely and utterly tasteless . there 's also no extra cutlery so you have to re use your gross curry spoon with the dessert . the dessert was not that great or sumptuous . i know it 's cheap food but i need some flavor when i eat and also the whole puppers coming out of a cardboard box just grossed me out big time .
0	for 15 % tip , there was no service , food was just dumped onto our table , no greeting , took asking two different people for drinks , ladies here were incredibly rude .
0	this food was horrible to put it politely . very limited food options , food was cold and when i gave feedback to the staff they were rude and ignored the suggesitons . stay away from this one .
0	thanks a lot for nothing and it wasn 't cheap either .
0	the vietnamese spring rolls were flavorless and bland . the waiter did not write our orders down and managed to screw them both up . the biggest disappointment was my south thai lamb curry , i was expecting tasty pieces of lamb in a masaman curry sauce , instead i received a lamb shank perched on top of a thick sauce which as i tried to cut the lamb off managed to splash the sauce all over the table . the menu did not mention it was a lamb shank ! ! vietnamese iced coffee that we ordered at the start of the meal , took nearly twenty minutes too arrive . overall a shambles of a meal .
0	no more . expensive , poorly seasoned , odd off-flavours , minimal meat in the curries , soggy / tough naan ... never again .
0	what 's the point of being open until 3 if you won 't serve what you 're known for which is ayce ? ? this is the 3rd time i 've been in after work and the time they say they stop serving ayce literally changes to whatever time is currently is . the servers just seem like they just want to leave which i understand because i 'm a server , but don 't work here if you don 't like the hours .
0	amazing food ... but customer service is really really bad ... girls in the cashier has no manner
0	the worst service i have ever had . food takes forever , and never felt made special . not impressed .
0	if you value your money , intestinal fortitude , and self-respect ... you 'd find something better . or just don 't eat . how this chain exists is beyond me . i 've had multiple workers at different locations tell me " you 'd be stupid to eat this ... " while recommending whatever was on special ( sometimes it was marginally passable ) . if i 'm going to feel like a fat - fuck , and engage in carbicide , it better be something that tastes better than whatever the hell this tastes like . garbage . it 's what 's for dinner .
0	i ordered via doordash . the tum yum noodle soup and the spicy basil . i ordered very spicy for both . the food was mediocre , the vegetables were still raw , the food wasn 't spicy and everything was far too sweet . i will never order food from this restaurant again . it was the worst thai food i have ever had .
0	its too small . just imagine 1 bedroom apartment made into the restaurant . the ambiance ruins this once an average tasting ramen . its the cup o noodle 3 / 1 $ .
0	no sushi though . ordered fried rice , grilled eggplant , and two skewers . fried rice came out 30 minutes after ordering and we waited another 10 for the remainder of our food , until we finally asked the waitress . she reported that it was still coming and the guy working the grill had a lot of orders . waited another 20 minutes and no more food . it was getting late and we had to leave . they comp 'd our rice dish and apologized . we left and had to look for dinner elsewhere .
0	didn 't notice until i was leaving sanitation score was 90 , not saying that is why the food poisoning occurred but generally i dont eat at places below a 93 .
0	the poki we were served looked like it was made a few days ago and was salvaged from the trash pile , displaying a grayish color along with a rancid smell--i didn 't even bother risking tasting it . the final turn off was just how bad the sashimi was . i love salmon sashimi and any place who can make me not eat it has to be doing it really bad . it 's unfortunate that we can no longer bring friends and families to this place which once served up good sushi . nowadays it doesn 't even look like they 're trying .
0	i waited for a table , and instead a group of 20 + locals who can in after me were seated first . did give me time to look at the buffet , and clearly they did me a favor ; as the food looked terrible .
0	? this is the worst sushi i have ever had . yes the prices are amazing but that 's just a reflection of there shitty sushi . i even gave it the benefit of the doubt trying it twice and bringing friends and it was just as terrible as the time before . the color of the spicy tuna roll was literally grey . i don 't understand all the great reviews ... are we all taking about the same place ? ! goeymon and kabuto are hands down the best sushi in town .
0	but i went into this restaurant craving ramen , and i left extremely disappointed . i 'll leave this short since i do not want to talk too badly about this place . high prices ( which are yes expected since its vegas and it 's so well known ) but the flavor was seriously lacking . let 's just say i always finish my ramen bowls . yes i know that makes me sound like a plump . but when i tried this bowl of ramen , i left with over half the bowl still there . smh .
0	the waitress recommended a sour coconut fish soup to my friend , which tasted weird ... their pho is below average with very small portion , and the service had hardly any presence .
0	apparently , according to the internet , this occurs when noodles are made with alkali water and the preparing kitchen doesn 't change out the water frequently ( or , i imagine , uses too little water ) . first time in my life i 've encountered this , and i 've had a lot of ramen and saimin . wait staff was apologetic but didn 't offer to comp the meal . i won 't be back .
0	we came in and the manager said we would be seated shortly . thirty minutes later a bunch of other guests were seated that came in after us and we were just left standing there like idiots ( with open tables that just needed to be cleared ) . manager makes excuses and didn 't apologize and said " i 'm trying to clean up the table but people keep asking for things . " if i 'm not mistaken , i asked for a table thirty minutes ago .. why isn 't my request being heeded first ? this was ridiculously infuriating and i hope they get their act together .
0	amount of soup and meat is very low , i 'd say lowest around ; taste of soup is also not the best , if someone likes very nice soup try at keele & wilson just near beer store
0	an absolute atrocity to all that is good and edible. you will see bundt cake straight from kfc. and what is up with the sushi roll with strawberries in it ? !
0	i ordered custom sheepskin seat covers . she tried to pass of i 'll fitting cheap version . after several weeks of very unpleasant interaction she reordered then . they are a better fit but still feel the quality is not what i expected or what i had gotten there before . i will never do business with them again
0	out of 8 dishes ordered , we loved only 1 . the rest were mediocre at best . the dynamic light fixture in the main dining room , which seems intended to entertain , is hilariously lame - we did get a laugh out of it , so there 's that . service was good ( poor staff ) .
0	we would like to love this place , it 's new to the neighborhood . this will be our last visit , there are places in phoenix that actually employ staff that are committed to facilitating a nice dining experience . not red thai .
0	lazy and unwelcoming staff . we waited 45 minutes for our starter . another 30 minutes for the meal . the food was terrible . do not even try .
0	they got the order wrong even after clearly repeating it several times and there was a nice long hair in the dipping sauce . yum !
0	but not coupled with the horrible service . maybe it was a sign out server forgot to out in half out order ? im going to miss the honey toast and beef bowl : ( sorry ichiza , we had a good run !
0	and they 've officially shut down , not surprised at all this place was terribly run .
0	why are my go-to places losing the battle ? i will miss your patio and cheap , cheap appetizers . though you weren 't all that , and not even the chips , you were always accessible and affordable . cheers to you .
0	with the recent name change from china garden to china ok go , sadly i have lost my favorite chinese take out . with the name change , they must have changed all of the chefs as well . i recently ordered the same options i have always selected . none of it was the same ... chicken chop suey , house fried rice , pepper beef and won ton soup . none of it was very good , period ... maybe that will change someday , but until then , i am revising my rating to a 1 from a 5 .
0	i used to always enjoy coming here , yet this time the food was utterly horrible . the food was so salty that it burned my mouth and i was not able to eat another bite . it seems like people are starting to stay away from here . i will definetly never return to here again .
0	exemplary for when one shouldn 't open up a restaurant . the kitchen was filthy as were all the kitchen equipment.there was so many things wrong with this place that i will only put a synopsis food was horrible . management and service was terrible . no health inspection score posted and the kitchen and establishment reflects it . my new comparisons for all restaurants will be " is it worse than new china ? " i would recommend this place to all my enemies or to people looking for cheap explosive enemas .
0	lack of ramen stock atmosphere . ramen shop should have a very rich ramen stock atmosphere . i tried the shoyu . then i know that their ramen failed in soup stock . i recommend their chef should learm how to have a good ramen stock . i like this shop because they serve beer , the new kurunama . eggs are good .
0	ordered sushi for pick-up . they said it would be 30 minutes . just went to pick up and they said it would be 20-30 more minutes . zero apology . completely understaffed and unprofessional . when you call for pick-up they just continue their conversation with staff for several minutes while you wait on the line . interesting way to run a business .
0	they forgot our appetisers and messed up one of the main courses , forgetting to exclude chicken from the pad thai even after they had been told that one of my friends only eats halal . they quickly rectified their mistake , but i can 't be sure if they cooked the pad thai afresh or simply removed the chicken from the original serving . my goat brisket was 99 % fat and uninspired . my friend did not like his pho at all . the best part about the restaurant : the vietnamese murals on the walls .
0	just no . when we called they said is was taking long because it was raining . our order never even came ! no call no nothing . good thing we were willing to drive to wok wey . this place is ridiculous .
0	delivery driver was friendly but person taking orders was less than happy about her job .
0	and the broth of the house noodle soup was so weak it was inedible .
0	an hour wait for delivery- rude staff- order online so you don 't have to talk to them , foods okay but the staff will leave you with a foul taste in your mouth .
0	not sure if the food is any good or how much longer it would have taken , as we walked out after waiting forever for our meal .
0	really ..... i 'll take my money elsewhere and not to the slot machines .
0	pad khing with beef had absolutely no ginger ( or flavor in general ) and had the taste and consistency of microwaved lean cuisine . the only flavor to the prik pao with chicken was the red pepper / chili oil , which , to its credit , made it slightly more palatable than the pad khing . the vegetables on both dishes were soggy and flavorless . likewise , the fresh rolls tasted like they were rolled the day before , with wilted lettuce and a rubbery wrapper . we ordered relatively simple dishes . the food we received suggests that the quality of the ingredients and the skill of the cooks are both woefully lacking .
0	filet & lobster , $ 33 ea . included ; cheapo wedge salad . filet was as big and thin a hamburger patty , tough and mostly gristle . the lobster tail was fantastic . a little dab of baby spinach ? dressing on it . $ 82 . , yikes ! they did buy back the gristle for $ 25 . never again !
0	was charged gratuity at 15 % when there was only two of us . also pricier then other places with food just avg. atmosphere is nice though . went for a la carte. got seafood noodle , sweet and sour chicken , lemon deep fried pork , kam ja tang. kam ja tang was not spicy at all , mild flavours. was ok , but would not order again. only thing good was the seafood noodle , which really was avg and would not come back here . didn 't try ayce korean bbq . looks gd though and crowd were korean so can 't be that bad
0	i was completely disappointed because not one thing came as ordered and they did not even include soy sauce packets in my delivery . i do understand there are worse things but it would be nice after travelling all day to get a great meal and thought this had pretty good yelp reviews . my order with notes - 1 vegetable egg roll ( greasy and stale tasting ) , 1 bean curd vegetable soup - please use vegetarian broth ! ( came with chicken broth and lots of green peppers ) , 1 vegetable chow mein fun - no onions and no green peppers please ! ( yup , you guessed it onions ) - see photos . no dinner for me tonight .
0	for years i 've been coming here every time i come into town . no more . we had a table of 9 and the waiter was so rude and condescending when we asked him to repeat our order ( he did get one wrong , btw ) . when our food came is was ok , not spectacular like before . the waiter slapping our dishes down where ever he wanted on the table didn 't make it any better . i won 't be going back .
0	the food tastes not so good . i ordered the cake and that was even bad .
0	suddenly , he left my table and help other table without saying excuse or saying sorry when returned . he tried to persuade us to order his favorite food he thinks it 's good . we ordered something else ; he showed his ugly attitude .
0	have you ever been to a restaurant before ? was this the first time you ever eaten food ? this place is bad from top to bottom . the food is not good , and the dining room area smells terrible . there are no signs that can be seen from the north , so anyone coming from 90 would miss it completely .
0	seriously , this is my new thing . unlike my other reviews of anti-gun establishments , the food isn 't mind blowing and i won 't be sad to not come back . i think everyone who legally carries a gun should be allowed to carry in a public establishment except where prohibited by law . i don 't want to sound like a political ass or anything but my money spends just the same as anyone else and i 'd rather spend my money where i 'm welcomed .
0	it took us a long long time to eat dinner here on a thursday night when it wasn 't busy at all . looks like our server was socializing with another and not keeping track of his tables . on the upside ... i always thought ordering asian food in an non-asian setting would be weird , but their dragon fire chicken was pretty good - i like the combination of citrus , spice , and cilantro .... makes for some flavor explosions on your tongue .
0	i order a 18 pcs of sashimi and the fish was a size of my baby finger . the salmon was a little fair . i order a large sake and told the server make sure it 's really hot . it came out warm .
0	located inside the seafood supermarket i had no idea it was a filipino fast food franchise .. it simply read chicken & burgers ... i don 't really have much to say on this one .... i barely got past the smell of the burger to take the one bite i tried before spitting it out . definitely an acquired taste because the place was packed and everyone else seemed to be enjoying the chicken meals not too many eating burgers : (
0	try hiro or ematei , much better quality and service. check out the actual food / drink to make sure it is what you ordered. we ordered large sake and was given a small one , waiter did not want to correct the error initially. took me some hard work to get it resolved. then we ordered premium sushi dinner and was provided regular sushi dinner , a chinese lady " manager " came and told us it is almost the same and refuse to change . i would expect better food and service at this restaurant .
0	i ordered the miso pork bone soup . very disappointed with the soup because i could only taste the saltiness of from the miso . putting bean sprouts into the ramen is just gross. come on ! this is not viet pho . $ 10.95 for a ramen like this is definitely a no no . never gonna go back .
0	the food at this place makes panda garden look like a * real * chinese restaurant . the " potstickers " are really " deep fryer " stickers and are so glutenous you could use them to plug holes in your boat . there is nothing even remotely authentic or even edible in this armpit . avoid asian house like the plague . thoroughly vile . if you would like a real , authentic chinese meal , head over to ichiban on park street . that place will knock your socks off . if you ever find yourself thinking about eating here , head up the street to mcdonalds where the food is both more nutritious and has more flavor .
0	named after the now defunct woodstone eatery , the restaurant opens at the location where hong kong cafe used to be . the food is decent but nothing special making the overall price value proposition to be worse than expected . couple that with bad service ( literally took them 40 minutes for me to receive my tea although my friend 's tea was served inmediately ) . when asked where my tea is , the answer was " we 're busy . " also when we paid , they short changed us by $ 5 . never again . not recommended at all .
0	disappointed at the first bite , after waiting for 5 mins in the long line . it 's okay only if you are a meat lover and only cares about how much meat you can eat . a lot of handkerchieives with suspicious feedbacks on the wall . those in chinese to my knowledge are probably fake , no real person speakscin that way .
0	the reviews are so good but i found everything so disappointing . style over substance i guess . i wouldn 't recommend , just avoid .
0	another spot i went to that had a ton of flies and very little interest from staff to fix the situation ...
0	i ordered red curry chicken and basil beef . i could tell that this could be better with a bit of fine tuning , but i could barely discern the flavours because the sauces were so watered down . over rice i could barely taste anything . add to the , the portions are minuscule . won 't be ordering from here again .
0	one of their unmemorable soups was extremely salty . i asked the waiter if he 's tried it and he said ' no . ' i think the chef spilled the salt shaker in the process of concocting a nonedible dish . the waiter just said " well , would you like to counter the taste with some sweet dessert ? " are you f * * * ing kidding me ? not worth the time or money . do yourself a favor and eat at chipotle and panda expess for a fusion experience .
0	i have been eating the thai lemongrass soup 2-3x a week for the last year + . i love it so much . just last week they changed the recipe , and it is not good . it no longer contains real chicken - instead it contains chicken scraps . the soup is now thick and it tastes like yellow curry . it 's a big ol ' mess . i 'm really disappointed and now have no use for this place . their other offerings are not enough to keep me coming back .
0	returned my orange peel beef again . they consistently cook it to the consistency of a cremated piece of wood . i returned the dish and asked for king pau chicken instead . chicken was great , but the accompanying brown rice was ice cold . just can 't seem to get things right here . i 'll try going to the one on gilbert road instead .
0	another yelp review failure ... i love seafood especially sushi and decided to give it a go and was very excited .... in the end .... complete failure ... if you are quality over quantity kind of a person , i wouldnt recommend this place .. and i guess i shoud not have expected any quality at a buffet in the first place ..
0	i refused as we will never be returning to benihana . with the horrid service and the unsympathetic nature of all their employees we would never support them again . samantha implied that it was not their food or restaurant that gave me food poisoning . well , since it was the only place we ate that night i don 't think she is trying to save their ass . she also refused to honor my original gift certificate / coupon . i highly reccommend other places . at the extreme price they charge for mediocre food that everyone should go elsewhere . there are other amazing places out there .
0	i tasted the difference right away . i withdraw my previous rating of 5 stars .
0	rolls are horrible , they r wet and rice falling apart , tempura mix they only give u 6 slices of pumpkin and 3 small shrimps at least they r fresh , seafood udon they only give u tiny tiny squids . no more chance to go back again
0	literally too tough to chew . curry is mediocre at very best . definitely wouldn 't recommend any of the drinks - everything tastes super watered down . apparently the service here is infamous ( downright rude ) , and i wouldn 't disagree - it really is awful . can 't think of any reasons for me to suggest that anyone come to green lemon grass , but i can come up with a whole bunch to avoid it !
0	not my favorite place . i 've had plenty of ramen soup . everything about the soup was off . the noodles weren 't right , the chicken broth and miso were greasy ... i ate half and sort of started to get grossed out from the fatty smell . i did get the japanese fried chicken appt , good gosh , i could not bite into in the chicken . gross . nah nah .. i dont recommend !
0	got the cheaper kung pao chicken ( 14.50 i think ) and immediately regretted it . i would pay 5 dollars for that entree . also , the noodles my friend ordered came out in less than 5 minutes . i don 't know about you but 5 minutes is not a lot of time to cook ( reheat ) anything . the only reason any1 should ever come to this place is when all the other places inside the hotel are closed . make sure to plan your day accordingly : )
0	it 's like going to a club with jesus staring at you . i guess all the asians in club don 't care how a white guy took asian religion and pretty much trashed it and shoved down their throat . they 're pretty happy at throwing away money to be degraded . buddhist are pretty peaceful . if this had been muhammad , this place would be closed due to extraordinary circumstances . i couldn 't stand the atmosphere .
0	i gave it one star bec the travel channel was on while i was being nauseated by this slop ! for the price i paid for this " food " i could have enjoyed a meal at kabutos . but i missed the lunch special and ended up in this pit ! i ordered the shrimp and filet mignon . ha ! i got two dirty shrimp and a chopped up bubba burger ! the fried rice was dry and disgusting with canned corn sprinkled in it . i can go on but i choose not to relive the experience .
0	my mistake for thinking sushi at an airport would be a good idea .
0	it 's been almost a year since i ate here , and i still have nightmares just thinking about it : : shudder : :
0	normally i think crappy chinese food is good . this is below my standards .. yuck
0	i 've had better pho in tx . it 's a hole in the wall like most pho places . typical ambiance one would expect . i ordered the rare beef pho with meatball which was not rare at all ( chewy and overdone ) and came with exactly one meatball cut in half . the bun noodles were soggy like they had been sitting broth all day . it at least came with all the typical accompaniments including basil , jalapeño , bean sprouts , and lime . service was passable . food came out quick . won 't be back .
0	this " hibachi " nonsense is a total caucasian invention . literally the worst food i 've ever eaten , and i 'm pretty sure they gave my daughter food poisoning . it 's terrible ... i don 't know who all these people are that like it , but they 've obviously never eaten real japanese food , because the garbage they offer is about as tasty and authentically japanese as mcdonald 's . i miss hamikaze , sushi mac and mushi in los angeles . i can 't wait to get back to ca to get some actual japanese food !
0	i went here on a weeknight when it was relatively empty , with a few men on business who probably didn 't have to pay . the decor feels authentic but quite dated , with the female servers wearing kimonos . i ordered the salmon dinner for $ 29 , which i thought would at least be a bento box at this price . wrong . it came with an average miso soup and salad , rice , and a small piece of salmon which i could have made myself . maybe if you 're on business , you can afford to try one of every dish , but i don 't think this restaurant deserves a second chance .
0	they are terrible here . if in las vegas try dakao and you will get the best bahn mi around .
0	limited selection , nothing spectacular with their food . definitely not gourmet food and not worth the price . to top it off the ended up making sick for 2 days after . they have an early bird special if you dine before 5 : 30 pm ... funny thing there was virtually no food put out on the buffet tables . how do you have an early bird special when there is no food ! ? ? avoid this place !
0	i have not tasted the food , but microwaved food is definitely not something i want to pay this much for ! and yes i noticed a lot of good reviews before coming here .
0	any restaurant that pads the tip deserves a low rating !
0	we were staying at the golden nugget and decided to get a couple of rolls before hitting the strip and we were thoroughly disappointed . sushi is fish , but it should never taste fishy and both rolls we were served were not fresh and tasted awful . the service was slow and the experience was an all around fail . do yourself a favor and check out the buffet upstairs .
0	period . food was just okay . and service was ridiculous because they have young teenagers serving you , and they have no clue about sushi . eat at your own risk .
0	have eaten here for years . service was poor . sent back food 3 times . very disappointed .
0	everything has fish oil , or oil that has been used to fry fish . there is a lot of cross contamination , and some of their employees are not being paid properly .
0	aaaaand everytime i come in at lunch they 're out of half of their food items . you wouldn 't believe how many people come in , see half empty trays and just walk back out again . it 's like this location doesn 't want to make any money . i don 't think i 've ever been here and not had to wait for something to be cooked or just left so i don 't waste time .
0	rolls were soggy shishito peppers - super soggy edamame was ok drinks strong service - good - felt bad for the lad in all that racket serving bad food cost - ridiculous
0	the hot and sour soup was just a horror--thickened with so much corn starch it was just terrible--and the bean curd dish i tried was just swimming in a watery teriyaki sauce . my friend had a noodle dish w / crab that was nothing but flavorless noodles and nearly no crab . when we told the server that we didn 't want to take any of the food home , he didn 't seem surprised . not a good sign .
0	i called to complain and i 'm waiting to hear back . i rarely buy food from them since they 're not my favourite as their food is too sweet-sugary tasting .
0	we ordered pork bone soup and asked for mild , but it came up with clear soup base . really ? ! pork bone soup with clear soup base ... we called our server and had it changed to spicy , a few mins later they got us the same soup but with a bunch of spice on the top . wow ! we gave up and just had it cancelled and got the bill . bottom line : if a korean restaurant can 't even cook a basic korean dish that almost all the korean restaurants can do a decent job at , it 's not a korean restaurant , but a restaurant wants to be called " korean " restaurant . nice try !
0	a place that don 't have good service just is not good i called at 945 and this hispanic girl answered she had a huge attitude i felt like telling her off but didn 't but love the jumping rice noodles with chicken get rid of that chick ! ! !
0	i go in at 11 : 45 am on a wednesday morning . there are three customers . the waitress wants to seat me at a little table facing the back wall of the narrow little room . i ask if i can instead sit at a little table that faces out on the other side of the room . the waitress reluctantly agrees . but then she gets into a long and loud argument with the chef and disappears into the kitchen to argue more intensely . at that point i decide that it is unlikely that i will enjoy a pleasant and relaxing lunch there and leave . some folks probably shouldn 't be in the restaurant business .
0	i 've been coming here for years and it seems that something is always broken . first of all its cash only , they do take credit and debit but you have to go next door to sushi shop , pay there and bring back the receipt which is very annoying when it 's busy . secondly , the bathrooms are almost always out of order . and when they do work , count yourself lucky if there 's both soap and toilet paper inside . lastly the wifi is spotty at best , it will crap out at any minute and not work for the rest of the day . the upside is there are lots of chairs and they keep it warm inside .
0	this place was terrible . inexcusably dry fish , burned " grilled " vegetables and the worst ( read : slowest ) service ever . the place was packed with " all you can eaters " who appear to be more interested in quantity over quality . i trust the all you can eat menu is why portions were so small as well , not really fair for those not interest in pigging out . walked out on $ 40 worth of food on the table , it was literally that bad .
0	no highchairs , no kids menu , nada . came a few weeks ago with the kids and wasn 't too pleasant . decided to order to go this time but apparently they won 't honor the happy hour prices on to go . thanks for mentioning that on the phone . last time i 'll eat or order from here .
0	there 's a sign on the door that clearly states that employees can pick up checks and tips at another location but if you 'll see my photograph you 'll see that the restaurant is no longer open . that 's a real shame , because we used to love to come here and it 's really too bad that they 've gone out of business .
0	god forbid . a mistake i won 't be making again .
0	then i ask for a wintermelon milk green tea and she puts milk green tea instead . then the drink maker put ice when i asked for none . the milk tea is earl grey instead of the standard black tea . their boba is good though but thats about it .
0	see customer review . wherein the owner was also arguing : fighting with the customer . this is exactly what the waiter and another restaurant worker was telling us - that the owner have a problem . i will not be surprise if one day there could be an incident here that will end up really bad , this owner is a mental case . reminds me of random shooting . only to find out , way too late that the culprit have history of mental problem .
0	they have a very limited lunch menu . i called before i came down to make sure they were open but they didn 't mention the limited menu so when i took a $ 30 cap from the strip i was very disappointed
0	it is a lousy chinese restaurant . i ordered 3 dishes and all 3 were buried in a soupy brown sauce even the rice . the people who are chinese were nice but they need to remove the thai name and learn to cook ! i lived in thailand for 10 years ...
0	i ordered from them a month ago , great service and food wasn 't bad . tonight .. whole other thing . i used the same online ordering process they had before . they took my order , charged my card and no food came . when i called , they are saying i am out of their service range . the service who handles the online ordering is handling the cancellation .. sounds like lazy employees staffing the place tonight ..
0	i 've never had this issue before . i was told it was going to be an 8-10 minute wait for an item that should be stocked " hot-n-ready " and i said isn 't this supposed to be available and she said , " no . " i said , " so your sign is incorrect then ? " she replied , " well i guess we don 't have them ready . " i would call ahead just to be safe and save yourself the trouble and headache .
0	slimy grey msg soaked food . unless you have thrill-seeking issues ( base jumping is somewhat less risky than eating here ) , don 't eat here ,
0	their excuses are lame like the bartender quit so as the cook . the restaurant open 2013 and they still didn 't get the house in order . bottom line everything just plain suck !
0	the food like bas a water added to the tika masla and was served . i would avoid coming again . it wasn 't a busy day , so no excuse .
0	frankly this is very typical service for the last 2-3 months - we eat out too much ! i guess i should thank pei wei for the self awareness . eat at home kids ! best of luck !
0	sign on the door says 9 : 30 . i get there at 8 : 55 and they say they stop taking orders at 9 . we stood there awkwardly because we were kinda caught off guard by that and then they said they could serve us , but made us feel super uncomfortable . it 's just annoying . bad business ethics .
0	a pretentious excuse of a restaurant excelling in head-up-the-ass customer service and mediocre , overpriced food .
0	soooo , i called archi 's " what 's up with the meat " a frank ( no pun intended chef ) said we were in fact correct , they had switched meat vendors from i believe sisco to a clearly less worthy option . today , i thought i 'd give them a 2nd chance and order something different , chicken satay . it was dark , fatty and less than chicken " y . " so i sent it back after eating a couple bites from 1 skewer . the waitress attempted to charge me anyway ! archi 's go back to your original meat supplier .
0	then a promoter tried to say that i said fuck you to him when he mis understood my words and then kicked me out if line . completely unprofessionally as terrible customer service
0	when someone calls in to reserve a party of 15 you might want to stop and remind yourself that is a good thing ! ! not spew out some passive aggressive statement about that it is the busiest night of the week . our team will have their end of the year banquet at a place that welcomes business not some place that doesn 't want to be inconvenienced with the dreaded " customer . " good luck with your business model .
0	for two chicken teriyaki 's and a small cup of miso soup it was $ 24 ? wtf ? ! it tasted like a frozen dinner . stay away and warn your friends .
0	really , an insult for pho lovers like me . though , i did give this restaurant another shot with their rice dishes . ordered the rice with pork chops , steamed egg , shredded pig skin ( $ 6.50 ) . it came loaded with the shredded pig skin , a bite size steamed ( burnt ) egg , and a small piece of pork chop . and it was loaded with so much rice . never coming back from such an underwhelming experience .
0	so you 'll never have lunch there on a weekend . no clue why . no booths .
0	the replacement arrived at . 40 minutes . the menu is very very very short . we are now at 50 minutes awaiting our meal .
0	i called in an order to go 2 hours ahead but when i got there my order was not ready . i asked for a refund . i don 't understand why my order wasn 't ready when it 's already paid for !
0	can 't spend enough to get respect , i guess . simply stated , " wrap it up " is not an appropriate phrase to use on a customer who waited to be seated at a table and dropped $ 150 on a wednesday in celebration of her father 's birthday .
0	tonight , the otoro pieces ( 2 ) i ate was served still slightly frozen . after eating the 1st piece , i left the 2nd piece on my plate and smashed it around off and on for several minutes . when i finally ate it , i could see the " small " water ponding . at $ 15 a piece , i believe it should have been served way better , if not , then better to eat at nobu . if only i had my phone to take a picture .
0	the place was mostly empty . we ordered two soups and an appetizer . the waitress did some calculating on her phone , then announced that we had not reached the minimum of $ 9.95 per customer . she said our total was about a dollar short . so we left and went to a nice noodle place two blocks away . ridiculous and incredibly rude .
0	i gave a 1 star review to try to call attention to the crispy red curry duck -- it was full of fat and gristle , comprising almost half the duck ! " chef suntorn 's signature dish " lacks quality and care , giving the impression this restaurant doesn 't pay attention to the food it puts on its tables . the website price is $ 22.95 while the actual price is $ 26.95 , further evidence basil thai doesn 't care enough about its business to update its website . thai taste on east blvd is a much better alternative .
0	we went into an almost empty restaurant , waited more than 5 minutes , during which time no one acknowledged us , got up and left . in the past few years the service went from ok to terrible . i think we 're done bothering to even try .
0	worst lemongrass chicken i 've ever had . worst taro smoothie i 've ever had . hands down . i was blown away with how bad it is being that it is in relatively close proximity to spring mountain rd . service was also super slow and they didn 't seem to care that it was . would 've been ok if the food was any decent , but nope .
0	i was lied to and did not receive cosmo points because my friends also chipped in for dinner . very disappointing experience .
0	bad customer service ! get some employees to answer your calls if you expect to grow your business ! # fail
0	they reheated pizza slices a cold , the food quality is near what it used to be .
0	i drove around for 20 minutes looking for this place . am i missing something ?
0	are we sure this isn 't a " front " for something because they certainly don 't do chinese food well !
0	welcome to a restaurant in america that gives you the authentic feel of a chinese communist working camp lunch room ! so great authentic and communist that they even refuse to make the american fries correctly . oh but make sure you eat everything or they 'll make you pay . if you decide to eat here , enjoy ! it 's time for me to go let the hershey 's fountain flow ...
0	is small and not worth the $ 5 i paid . they put nothing on it . i 'm very disappointed . i will not be order from them again no one understands these days that when we pay good money for what we think is gone be good and it turns out to be shit it 's not cool . i have gotten other subs from here but this my friend is so horrible it makes me just turn away from it . next time i will just stick to my regular order .
0	greasy , too ... i felt sick after eating here . my bubble tea nearly gave me a headache from all the sugar , and i usually love sweet things . maybe this is authentic , but it isn 't good .
0	bad food and bad service . i left feeling somewhat ripped off and disrespected .
0	we ordered the sweet and sour pork , there was no pork . ordered chicken fried rice , it was not chicken . not sure what it was ? ‍ also ordered lettuce wraps ... basically the same as the rice doused in a strange sauce . and the free egg rolls ? don 't bother . save your money and time . might as well go to panda express . at least you know it 's a corporation who has standards ! my husband just got back in the car and said they were trying to refuse a refund and accused him of ordering food places and returning it ! lol you 're right qun zhang , that 's exactly what we have time to do
0	it was hardly busy yet all the tables needed to be cleaned . at least four wait staff looked at me as i stood there without any verbal acknowledgment . needless to say , we left .
0	this place is way over priced for a hole in the wall eatery . the rice is not good either . nothing compared to real hawaiian food . just a word of advice go somewhere else if you have ever had real hawaiian food or you will be disappointed .
0	the concept is cool ... to have a place with mexican / chinese fusion but , i can go to carnival buffet for that . next !
0	never ever again ! not to mention ... they didn 't deliver ! ! wth ! ! !
0	five star for this place ? five star for the look . it looks good with many buffet table but . all long trays . i donno how the other guy get 140 items . i counted 100 with the sauce and raisin pickles thing like that . food not tasty at all . they are busy because they did lots of advertisement people are trying it out and the waiters , they expect a big tips just for taking the plates ice cream nasty ! all long trays . with drinks is 12 buck ! ! not tasty at all .
0	this place sucks ass ! we came here for a late night bite . i tried the pho # 3 and shrimp rolls . obviously the people who give this place good reviews doesn 't know shit about pho . the pho was salty and the noodles were soggy . the service sucked too . the lady behind the counter was rude . make sure she doesn 't try to short change you because that 's what she did to us . if this was the last pho place on earth , i still wouldn 't come . bye bye .
0	this place lacks quality fresh fish and is very expensive for the type of food they serve . we got a small roll combo , and legit half of it was california rolls and rolls with sweet potato in the middle . if you want better sushi , head to north york . better prices , better fish .
0	sashimis , spicy miso soup , teriyaki chicken bento for my son and some salads. the rice on the rolls were seasonless. the fish used on the rolls were so thin and insignificant that it was just rice balls. the shrimp was so over cooked and rubbery as well as the chicken teriyaki . i will not eat here again.sorry
0	this place is guaranteed to exorcise you off of anything remotely japanese . this is the place that has the owner muttering " dumb ah-so " anytime any customer forks out money for their gut wrenching fare . after the experience you will be sure to scream " oh my poor raw ah-so " as you crawl out with nary a need to ever go back to associating with anything sushi like in your life
0	this place is at best a decent option at an airport . the chicken dishes are stringy . the beef dished are tough . their fried rice is bland . if you are stuck somewhere and this is the only option , it will not make you sick . if you are not stuck somewhere , please yelp a non-chain chinese option .
0	unsafe tempretures on the food , nothing was hot.homeless people in clear view of my table bumming cigs off anyone entering the place . they are also pushy when they bring your bill half way through your meal . they seemed upset that we used credit instead of cash . i 've noticed that many asian shops dont like that . bottom line is stay away from any restaurants that are located in wall mart shopping centers .
0	are you serious ? ? ? ? $ 9.99 beef steak ? is this a robbery ? no comment .... not even a small cup .. wow tsk tsk tsk
0	disgusting ! ! what they served me was more than a day old food recooked . i had some pieces of chicken that were hard as a rock ... i 'm not exaggerating . stay away .... far far away if you value your intestines .
0	? i 'm livid ! we all ordered at 10 the guy said 40-45 mins then after an hour we were all starving and called to get eta .... just rang and rang and rang after 10 more mins we called .... got nothing ..... called again ... everyone went back to their rooms and hotels . at 11 : 25 the guy showed up ... i can 't eat all that .... we tried to cancel . ... i said sorry everyone left we tried to cancel after an hour and 15 mins ... the guy looked pissed at me then stormed off ........ not my fault ...
0	cold dish : yellow tail ceviche , this is just ok as the grapefruit juice is too sour that cover the freshness of the fish . main course : washyugyu ... omg ... how you can make these tasty beef not even juicy at all ... or is it just a new way people like wasting $ here ? my bill comes to ~ $ 60 and , to be honest , why don 't just go to shinbay for a 3 courses meal ? don 't even put japanese food on your category . this is not japanese food at all . avoid , yelp is unreal for this restaurant
0	this restaurant is so ugly . there is absolutely no ambiance . the food is average . the prices are high . i just don 't get it .... def a mistake was made coming here .
0	sushi . ever . may be we should have stayed away from the sashimi and nigiri . may be when we asked about omakase and the waitress didn 't know what we were talking about we should have just ordered some standard rolls off the menu . may be they should have given us some fresh fish instead of the wretched crap they served . may be upon seeing the dryness / lack of luster on the fish we should have just not eaten . may be that salmon roe was in fact not from a jar . may be i can recover from this horrible experience to enjoy sushi once again . may be . but probably not anytime soon ...
0	price is too high lunch special is not special at all : ( i thought this restaurant gonna be my lunch spot since my work is just right here but i guess not .... so sad 1star is for the service ! but food was terrible do not pick beef ! not good : (
0	first time to this location . 6 : 30 thursday pm . no sushi . no silverware . no water cups . service like mcdonald 's counter . never again !
0	i thought to myself " maybe i 've been getting things that are too difficult to make , i should just get the boba milk tea . " wrong . i had to spit out the icy , tasteless , pretty much vomit-inducing drink . i wish i spent the $ 4 on water instead . to tally up the three visits : 2 / 3 drinks i spit out . 3 / 3 drinks i threw away without finishing half of it . i need to keep this review here so i stop myself from coming . damn its convenient proximity to the heaven that is asian cafe express
0	i wait until 1200 pm to get back on the app to order but now it says " currently unavailable . " i wait and wait and wait and around 12 : 15 pm , i 'm able to place my order. i place it and it keeps saying it 's waiting for the restaurant to confirm my order ... nothing happens and my order expires . i place the order again and the same thing happened . i tried calling the restaurant 6 times and no answer . terrible service. just terrible . i wanted to try holy snack for the first time but i will never step foot or try this restaurant ever . i spent way too much time on this .
0	what a mess . the food wasn 't tasty when it arrived - and it had taken forever to get the attention of the waitress for anything . in the end , out of a party of 4 , only 1 of us had received what we ordered , 1 of us was violently ill ( and remained so for days - having to visit the doctor , etc ) , 2 of us felt moderately ill later , and only one of us felt ok . such a disappointment .
0	arrived and wait staff said there was a 35 minute wait so we asked the mall and waited for a call returned 45 minutes later and they seated another party instead and then have the nerve to ask us to wait another 15 minutes no apology no nothing
0	wanted to order a few rolls , it the owner said they would take too long to make . then the proprietor said the buffet closed at 2 , i pointed out the large sign on their sidewalk that clearly stated that they served the buffet til 230 . they did not want my business and i can assure them they will now never receive it . i was in the restaurant business for years and would never treat a customer the way i was treated by the staff at azn .
0	they were not busy . didn 't get seated til 2 : 50 & got charged for dinner . brisket was tough . bulgogi had no flavor . pork belly was chewy . appetizers came out cold after the meat . took 30 mins to get a refill . service was awful . ordered the same thing 3x because they " forgot " to bring it out . the booth & floor was sticky from a spill they didnt bother to clean before seating us . waited another 20 mins for the check . bad experience from start to finish . so disappointed !
0	understandable if your eating fresh food served for the dinner crowd . however , as we ate with the lunch crowd we found all the hot dishes were room temperature and most of the food becoming stale . nothing except for some of the desserts were average or above . when i respectfully asked the manager for a refund of the dinner price versus the lunch price we were denied . she said we should have told her sooner ... as if that would have made the food fresher . save your money and go to giada 's ( which is not a buffet but the food was a treat ) .
0	all signage , including website and facebook , states close at 9pm . seriously disappointed in the responce of staff present .
0	got menus at 6 : 15 . got drinks at 6 : 30 left at 7 : 00 . never had a chance to order . they were " busy " sad excuse for what once was a good place . food might be good if you can get someone , anyone to take your order . really disappointed
0	the bartender was great and seemed to know the menu but that 's when things went downhill . very expensive for chinese . we ordered ( i went for the mongolian beef ) an hour and fifteen minutes later , we still had no food after repeatedly asking . the couple next to us at the bar had also been waiting . they arrived 10 minutes after us and she had ordered the same dish as me . guess what , her dish came out but we still had no food . really ? won 't ever go back , if this had been a pf chang 's in the states , the manager would be fired . we won 't be going back .
0	i made eye contact with several of them several times but they just continued running around without acknowledging me . then finally someone came up to me to let me know that they ran out of the $ 1 subs but they could sell them to me at full price . they also referred me to another location that was still honoring the promotion . " honoring " is right ! i just walked out . i read the website and it didn 't say anything about " while supplies last . " it just said from 4-8 pm at participating locations . after this , i 'll never be back again ! thanks for showing " customer appreciation " !
0	arrived at 7 : 47 pm would not let me eat in only take out well i said i will go elsewhere to a restaurant that wants my business booo island foods bad customer service
0	ok it is friday night but the problem is that half the tables in the restaurant were empty and one whole side of the patio tables facing the yard house were also sitting empty . what in the world . shortage of servers or what . no excuse .....
0	wrong ! all locked up . so , i can 't comment on the food lol .
0	sign on the door said last call was at 930 which makes sense because they close at 10pm . however , when i walked in the restaurant the manager stopped me at the door and told me they weren 't taking anymore customers .
0	some people came in behind me , and the hostess totally looked past me and seated those people before me . how rude ! needless to say they lost my business very unprofessional . but thanks to them i found a great new sushi place right down street , called sushi 21 people were very friendly and the food was great !
0	when we addressed the manager he insulted what we ordered and was incredibly rude . i was this close to calling my local godfather to ask for a favor . maybe if the food was better i would have even slightly understood , but it was nothing to scream about and we were treated more than poorly . would give a 0 / 5 if possible .
0	only one other table was there . ordered a japchae and a bulgogi . portions were huge , especially the japchae . but huge portions most definitely does not equal good . beef was very think . same beef was used for both dishes . food was both way too salty and sweet at the same time . service was slow . the waiter never stopped by our table after taking our order . no one else came into the restaurant during the hour plus severer there . i totally understand why .
0	upon entering i could smell something that was not pleasant . i was greeted and set . when i opened the menu it was filthy as though it had not been cleaned . the server brought me a water which had things floating in it . i had already made up my mind at this point to leave and then i notice one of the employees picking his nose in the corner . yummy right . i never identified the stench either . i left and went to booger king .
0	host would not acknowledge our presence , wasted : 30 mins of our time figuring out whether we could get a table or not . terrible service .
0	considering i 've worked customer service i 'm pretty sure they aren 't suppose to close til 5 . lol
0	approx . 5min later host said there was a 25 min wait . we agreed to wait , a table for two . as we came back host didn 't recognize us nor had she wrote my name down . as we were seated the host had clearly just wiped down the table and seats with a wet towel not knowing we sat down and we 're very uncomfortable due to the fact that our jeans are now wet from the wipe down . i will no longer come to eat here . despise the fact that this was not my first time . i 've been here 3 times and all 3 times have been a horrible experience . i will take my money else where .
0	in particular the lady running the binions $ 1,000,000 photo both who is evidently miserable with her life choices along with the guy you pick the picture up from . go for the free picture and get out .
0	not at all accommodating and rude to customers . and not friendly for large groups
0	i was single was told that as they did not have a " deuce " they could not seat me and that i had to eat at the bar or wait for 1 / 2 hour .......... really ! you are so arrogant that in-spite of having tables available you treat your single customer in this manner especially someo
0	the hostess stand has been moved to the side allowing waiting customers to flow into the dining room and lean against your table while you 're eating . absolutely refuse the first table behind the hostess stand it is a miserable experience . when i complained about it flo said its because they were busy . well on my job when i earn the money that i spend at flos i can 't provide poor customer service just because we are busy . bottom line with flos is they have gotten too big , making money is more important that the client experience . find another establishment until they put clients first
0	totally gross ! dirty , not many choices , taste like shit ! i wonder where are the good reviews from
0	if this restaurant is in china , it won 't service more than one month . they do not pay attention to cooking , and bad attitude to customer . if you go , you are stupid .
0	as a chinese , i will never go back to this place because the taste of dishes here is too disappointing .... never ever go back !
0	this place will never get my business nor my money so no stars for you ! ! !
0	with many new places opening i have to say that this place does not live up to the expectations . i do like the ' fresh ' interior , but food is far from acceptable . honestly , you would be better off getting your ' asian fix ' at chopstick and then grabbing a drink somewhere else . bac please don 't stalk me on facebook .
0	this one star goes to the environment-very clean by all aspects . the bowls of noodles looked good and tasted like taiwanese style at first sip . however here are the two points that cannot lure me back : first is the significant msg that took over my tastebuds quickly . second is that the noodles were not freshly cooked - let alone freshly made .
0	service is bad and the wait staff who suppose to be the person in charge is just rude . we left there without even getting our food . we paid for the drinks and left . would never go and won 't recommend this place to any of my friends .
0	as good as their food is , this place seems to be opened at random hours , even after i confirmed via phone that they will be opened . i first called asking if they are opened on dec 24 and understandably they are closed . i called again asking about dec 23 and got confirmation that they will open at 6pm . got there aat 8pm due to a delayed flight and they said they are closed . as another reviewer mentionned , no matter how good your food is , please respect your opening hours and your clients .
0	an hour 30 minutes for my meal to get delivered . with simple instructions ; address , name of apartment , where we were waiting . and the food i think was the worst part . i usually never write a bad review but this was a bad first experience .
0	when i was working there , there was an infestation problem , but the owner never bother to fix it . i would check their restaurant health scores before you decide to eat here .
0	the cheery cashier confirmed that indeed the chili chicken i so desired can be made gluten free ! well , be warned .... most dishes can be made with rice or rice noodles , but will still contain soy sauce . cross-contamination in the kitchen is also a real possibility . hey liberty noodle , if you are going to jump on the gfree band wagon , great---but then you have an obligation to be responsible . needless to say , i am having an uncomfortable afternoon .
0	this is one sad example of such revolting practice . this is not ramen , this is not even japanese . you are better off going to the store and buying cup ramen for 79 cents . comparing this garbage to monta is like comparing prime at the bellagio and sizzler . if you like real japanese food this is not the place to go . if you are so numb that you can 't tell the difference then this might float your boat . you should have been suspicious when there is a need to distract people with all the anime stuff . i would have given no stars if it was allowed , because that 's what this place deserves .
0	the place has completely become a place for for non-koreans , as a matter of fact on a weekend lunch i didn 't see one other table of koreans . the side dishes which come out first are complete disasters - they look korean but they are not korean , the end . the kimchi is extremely sweet ( red in color but so salty and sweet ) and the radish is also drenched in sugar you could feel the sugar grains . if the owner and the workers don 't eat their own food for lunch what does that say about this place ? i 'm quite sad to know that there are a lot of torontonians who believe that this is what korean tastes like .
0	i have given it a few opportunities , and i 'm over it .
0	thought i would try sam woo in china town . food was good but service was very bad . the biggest disappointment of all is their " cash only " policy ! ! ! really ? ? ? this is 2013 almost 2014 . leads one to believe that sales are not properly reported to the irs let a lone the inconvenience of customers not able to use debit or credit cards . you have permanently lost my business .
0	i stopped by this store to get a quick oil change . here 's what i got in addition to the service . * they left my glove box on the floor of the car after checking the cabin air filter . . * they failed to reset the maintenance schedule warning . the manager was actually surly when processing my bill . never again !
0	ordered the ginger chicken . this was swamped with way to much sauce . there was no ginger taste and it was super salty . should have gone with my gut and stood firm and not be talked into going . a flavorless meal .
0	jeff leaned over the glass wall to take our order and deliver our food . he couldn 't even come around to the front of our table . he was clearing dishes and cutlery as fast as we put down our forks . he never even asked if we wanted another drink or dessert just put down the bill . sadly we will be visiting another location
0	i have never been to one as bad as this . completly disorganized , overcrowded and unsafe . they were out of almost all of the food leaving no selction . it was a horrible experience . i wish negative stars were an option since i walked out .
0	as an asian , i feel like i should apologize on behalf of all asians for this craptastic place .
0	this was the by far the worst restaurant experience of my life . after a two hour wait , the food finally came . the plates were carelessly decorated and was very subpar . you can get a better meal at thai express minus the wait and the high end price . there was clearly a lack of service and the restaurant was evidently understaffed . i usually never leave negative reviews , however this restaurant experience stands out as one of the worst . our table was not the only one to experience this as there were many disgruntled clients who completely cancelled their orders due to the wait . would not recommend , not an enjoyable experience .
0	that 's definitely a first and especially since they are next door to mekong market which is filled with different types of breads .
0	the dumplings were great . we ordered a ton of food ! the soup tasted like dirty water , didn 't eat it . the beef and broccoli was great , i loved it . everything seemed to be alright until i was going to pay to leave . and just as i picked up my purse , a roach crawled up the wall . it ruined my entire experience . i threw away all of the leftovers and just tried to forget it . it 's a real shame bc they 're food is decent considering it 's in arizona .
0	also the nastiest s.o.b 's i have ever encountered- horrible customer service ! ! !
0	food looked good . but a disappointment . they didn 't accept debit / credit . so i had to walk to 3 atm machines ! i came back , they gave me my change a dollar short ! oh how pissed off i am ! total inconceinance ! i was so pissed , i almost just didn 't come back to pay . i 'll never go there again . sorry . i know us asian ppl don 't like to pay taxes . but rich ppl pay lots of taxes so time to upgrade and pay taxes and do business a legitament way ! it pays off in the long run !
0	anyway , i 'm not mad , just kinda wanna tell everyone , if u got any other a choice , just don 't pick this one
0	the original staff still works at the eastlake location ( which i have also reviewed ) and the new buffet right down the street from this one . i have not been to it since it changed hands , but from what i have been told , it is absolutely terrible . please don 't let my original review influence you into choosing this out of the other options . the better buffet isn 't more than a block away .
0	i expected it to take a while , based on other reviews . i did not expect for it to taste bland and awful . i ordered green curry with veggies and tofu- thai hot . horrible . wasn 't the least bit spicy . won 't be back .
0	they were not even close to what lanzhou noodles should be . the broth was bland , the noodles had terrible texture , and i was very disappointed . also , the soup dumplings had a strange flavor . it was a waste of carbs , and a waste of a meal during my time in vegas .
0	that would tend to indicate that pittsburghers are clueless as to how pho should taste ... so i 'm not even going to try it in another pittsburgh restaurant .
0	their ramen looked good in the pictures and i told myself it can 't be that bad . well , i was wrong , all items were way over priced , $ 4 for just little bit of extra noodles . a bowl of ramen easily double the price of true authentic " ramen satouka " at mitsuwa marketplace torrance , ca . and the soup broth didn 't taste right . gome-house soup tasted okay but shoyu just plain wrong . i am not even trying to compare them with the ramen places that i visited in japan . save yourself some money , just cook some instant noodle at home instead .
0	none the less , i wanted thai food and i wanted it close as it was cold out . i 'm quite confident the pad thai has ketchup in it . it 's probably some of the worst pad thai i 've ever had .
0	but the service was horrible . may be it was because on a labor day weekend , but the waiters and the owners themselves were very dismissive and wanted to get rid of us . and it wasn 't completely filled too . the restrooms were so horrible that my parents did not even enter it to wash their hands .
0	they removed all cuban items from their menu and the pictures on here are no longer menu options . they also removed a large number of their sandwiches and dinners so all that 's left are the greasy , fried tender meals and some mediocre asian food ( on a street that already has 4 other established asian restaurants , mind you ) . if it remains this way , i do not foresee myself or the group of people that i always went with ever eating here again .
0	the cut rolls are expensive and definitely regrettable . the rolls were sloppily put together , small , plus they only gave you eight rolls considering the average price was about $ 17 . also there sashimi was semi chewy . great sashimi should melt in your mouth ! granted most sushi bars are expensive in las vegas ... but i have had better sushi for the same price at restaurants on the strip . i would pass if i were you . go to shibuya at the mgm .
0	as we were in line , the cashiers held up the line and they wanted us to pay for the dinner price . i explained to them that they held up the line to cause the change . they told me that we should have come 2 hours before the cutoff . " really " ? so , the advice . get there 2 hours early . we won 't .
0	wrong . pork , chicken and shrimp comes with it . the lack of clarification is less than appealing and i won 't be returning to bejing express . their inability to recognize the confusing menu is absurd . bye .
0	fragrance and flavours are not right . their noodles aren 't even , and food quality seemed old . service and atmosphere are just borderline bearable to alright .
0	as bad as it gets .... biryani is just average ... u can get better biryani in kabob palace or chennai fusion in chandler and chennai chettinad or mayuri palace in north phoenix .
0	was given a tiny glass of water when we first sat down , and was not topped up even once after that . found a long black hair in the puddle of sweet and sour " sauce , " which is not necessarily the dealbreaker for this review - but rather the tired , bland stuff they try to pass off as food . i guess i expected a too much for a $ 7 meal that was prepared in about 2 minutes . also ordered won tons as an appetizer , however apparently that order consists only of the wonton skin / pastry , deep fried . basically , won ton skin crackers ...
0	an absolute scam . we live in new york , and good food can be expensive , even for izakayas . but this was an absolute scam . the seared tuna was meh and was basically a tasting . tempura mediocre . and on top of it , the waitress was implying it was our fault that we had so little food , because we didn 't let her help us with the order . never again .
0	it 's not cool to pay 100 $ for dinner after got food poisoning .
0	very much not to the standard of bellogio casino this restaurant service and food should get better to the 5 star rating or should close down .
0	not ! the portions are tiny ! even when we ordered 7 different things to share ..... they just brought single portions and it was like a tasting party . we each got 1 shrimp , 2 pieces of steak or chicken , and some rice . we left hungry . also my brother must have got a bad shrimp because he was sick for 2 days . skip this place ! only reason i bothered going was the view of the fountain . big mistake .
0	there wasn 't a single saving grace dish , which is basically impossible for any restaurant . highly highly do not recommend . lotus buffet is right down the street , much better food across the board , and less expensive .
0	overall , it was a very bad experice , will never go back here again. for real sushi , go to sushi on trop , still # 1 in my book
0	my most recent visit was disappointing . the green curry and the starter lemongrass soup that i ordered were essentially the same dish . had i known that , i would have gotten something else for one of my courses . my waiter could have spoken up . the buffet looked ok but i was having a lunch meeting so we opted to go with the menu , which may have been the wrong choice . i won 't be rushing back here any time soon .
0	so i wouldn 't drive there unless you call first .
0	i had the pepper steak , chicken diced with vegetables , and steamed dumplings . everything was fried ( except for the dumplings ) and the fake meats were too soft and tasted cinammony . very strange flavor . i couldn 't eat it . waste of money i should have known better * * the service was good . i wont come back again . : (
0	as fast as the food service was the food itself was not appealing. meat was bland as it could ever be. would not recommend coming here. it 's just a bunch of poorly seasoned meats and vegetables tossed into a bowl for a somewhat reasonable price. never coming back .
0	average service . flavorless food . yes there is lots of food that looks good but does not taste that good . and they charge more than the advertised price . don 't waste your money .
0	i went on a saturday night and the place was empty . the food was horrible . i will not be going again nor do i recommend others to try ... the dhaba down the street is much better .
0	arirang bi bim bhap costs $ 12 but quality of ingredients would be closer to $ 5 . i told the chef and waiting staff that their food was awful and if this is their attempt at quality food then they have missed the mark . if i could give a negative star then i would had done so . i will never return .
0	in the last year , coincidentally around the time the owner died , i think it was the owner .. whatever the case , in the last year this place has taken a turn for the worse . the food is progressively getting horrible , the wait times are long , i will go back but i don 't think it will be anytime soon , sad day .
0	chin 's fails in all three areas . i guess i learned my first midwest lesson : when in wisconsin , eat as the wisconsinites do ! ! !
0	don 't go here if you 're looking for an authentic taste . i went because of all the hype . i was highly disappointed when i tried a couple of the dishes . if i took my asian relatives to eat here , it would be an insult to them . basically , it is take out in a fancier place .
0	not asian food at all ! ! " went with them last night , sushi were warm . other food item taste awful . totally not authentic , just a rip off !
0	i ordered a few small plates , since the prices were cheaper than even basic takeout . the tom yum soup was one of the biggest mistakes i can recall in recent dining experiences . it was a consistent sour oil slick that caused heartburn after consumption . the egg rolls were grease sponges that i felt compelled to eat , hoping this roughage could clear my throat . even with a bill of around $ 7 , save your money and buy p.f. chang 's frozen food for a better meal . avoid at all costs !
0	the food was horrible , they 're serving dumplings and rice at a premium price . if you have money to spend and want asian food because you don 't know what it 's really about , then this is for you . i guess they have a great business plan geared only towards americans who believe in this crap . on the side note , they offered great service and i really liked the ambience .
0	they quality is not even half of the other one .
0	" sounds good , right ? the food was edible , but besides the tiny ( and expensive ) portions , there was nothing else memorable about the food here . the decor is modern , but i felt like there was no vibe to the place . why go here when there are so many better establishments to go to ? mmm mediocre and overly expensive food ! eek ! methinks not .
0	i 'm all about service and getting my pick up order wrong is already an upset . but to not apologize and to try to justify their mistake is ridiculous . i 'm sure the food is good but the service is horrible as soon as you walk in .
0	when the waiter finally came to me he just asked what i wanted and not the drink order first . when the soup came it was the wrong one and was just egg drop soup with vinegar . when i got my meal it was the wrong order completely . the waiter did not come over to see how it tasted but only delivered my dumplings while we 're mushy and still had water that they boiled it in , inside the actual dumplings . if you like general asian food come here but if you 're looking for tasty original asian food there are better places .
0	that 's amateur . people don 't come here for the charming atmosphere , they come here to have it their way , right away . one star !
0	aside from the fact that i tipped on the card already , he gave me a really vindictive look as he was leaving . never ordering from this place again , christ .
0	they have this rule of time limit and food remains that 's essentially never told until we begin got the bill . seriously , if you do care about service quality , don 't even think about this place . my most candid advice .
0	sushi " chef " s were laughable ( being taught as they made my dishes ... really ? for a 30 $ dish ? ? ? ) , service was slow , having to remind the waitress over and over for even a glass of water ... and the quality of the dishes mediocre . unless you are offering to spend at least double the amount worthy of the actual value of food and service , i would highly discourage anyone from visiting this establishment . if you are looking for a classy , japanese restaurant with a bar , i would go to umi - soba on ellesworth st. in shadyside .
0	how could you possibly not notice that before delivering our drinks . makes me question the cleanliness of their kitchen . anyway , that was obviously the final straw for me , i decided to not even wait for my food after that , and instead went to eat somewhere else .
0	never again ! customer service was terrible ! on my way out the door there was another dis satisfied customer complaining to his wife about how he couldn 't wait to write a review on yelp ! ! !
0	i decided to venture into this place again to give it another chance . i tried the fried egg with beef dish this time . extremely salty and kind of gross tasting . it was supposed to be beef but it tasted like mystery meat . never again !
0	white rice only ! i should have just left then . ( healthy , shouldn 't brown rice be a choice ) ijs . but i prefer , fried rice , yes , i know it 's not a healthy option , but i would have liked brown rice instead of white . i got the 1 / 2 and 1 / 2 chicken and steak . the steak was chewy , so all i could do was pick out the steak. ughhhhh , i new i should have just gotten the all chicken . the bowl was just a disappointment ! i won 't be going back . but check it out for yourself , it might be something you enjoy !
0	i had to stop a waitress to get out mushroom soup that should have came an hour ago . do not come here . the half price is not worth the 2 hour dinner duration . as the food is good . there service is terrible . they speak very broken english and make it so u don 't get confused and just nod and say ok . ughhhh i want my food ! ! ! update 1 hour and 13 minute . i swear they forgot our order and when we questioned them they just acted stupid . finally left after 2.5 hours . ughhh waste of a wednesday
0	she didn 't answer the question but looked away and smirked . it was obvious that her husband knew that she was being rude so he answered the question for her . i told her that i don 't think it 's funny . she replied , i don 't think it 's funny either . strange and rude . i used to go there every tuesday on my day off but will not go again . in this day and age with many vegetarians , she shouldn 't find the question peculiar .
0	when i inquired why this occurred the sushi chef stated " sometimes that just how they 're made , in different orders .... " unacceptable ! not coming back .
0	yyyeeaahhhh ... sooooo .... the food is still not good . i got the mongolian beef and it 's like " wha ? really ? is this irl ? " i 'm a chinese food kind of a fan , this restaurant , i 'm not a fan of .
0	there were 2 other tables eating . i got water in a dirty glass . there are no vegetarian options here . they will however add veggies for an extra charge . well why not pay extra for what usually comes standard ? don 't we all want less for more ? i got a lukewarm chicken pho with what looks like synthetic chicken , i don 't trust it . i 'm serious . i ordered lemonade and a get a glass filled with ice and 2 tablespoons of lemonade . this place is a waste .
0	to start with , the waiter never asked for our drink orders . a simple mistake that could have been overlooked had he not later disagreed that i had not ordered ikura and brought out something different . he proceeded to stand over me , taking the plate while yelling to someone else at the table . i have ptsd and anxiety and this was a trigger . the photo attached is everyone having their meal brought out except one individual . the waiter had forgotten to bring it out and took another 5-7 minutes to do so . he barely gave us time to eat before asking for if we wanted boxes . good food , disgusting service .
0	service was friendly but slow and it was really bad-we had to ask several times for multiple items . food wasn 't that good & sauces were strange . they didn 't have the traditional ' yum yum ' sauce or the traditional hibachi sauces-just an fyi . there are also several menu items that were not included in the 50 % off nights but that 's not specified in the menu . if you want hibachi , try somewhere else .
0	i 'm pretty sure the chicken is seasoned with beef flavor top ramen spice , and the pad thai is made with the noodles from the same package . i contemplated finishing the food but i think i 'm going to have to wave the white flag . never . again .
0	? fill it with crab ! crunchy roll ? full of fake crab ! philly roll ? full of fake crab ! california roll ? full of fake crab ... and a tiny bit of avocado ! worst sushi of my life .
0	i told her mind her manners . the small draft beer is 7 dollars ! total rip off . the food was half way decent . i will never go back or recommend this place .
0	i should 've walked out then ) , the woman that took my order was very rude ( sighing , rolling eyes , etc ) , my order was wrong and i was charged for something i did not receive . if you really want to try samurai sam 's i would not try this location .
0	as i approached the hostess and saw there were probably 25 tables still ahead of us , i asked how long is the wait ? she replied with 20-40 minutes . ha ya right . but i really wanted ramen so i put our name in . we proceeded to go across the parking lot to a bar for a drink . 45 mins later we headed back , we got there to find that only 4 tables had been seated in that 45 min time frame . ( no surprise ) -- we waited another hour and gave up . she ended up calling us 2.5 hours later telling us our table was ready . hahahaha. no thanks !
0	not many people in here but , but jenny is spinning . i see other customers upset and confused . people wanting to order and others wanting to desperately pay . i continue to wait , but this place clearly is understaffed . as i hear people leave , they didn 't enjoy the restaurant or the food . and i too left ..... did i get service ? no , i was completely ignored . customers leaving gave me good enough feedback that this place needs to up their game or just close down .
0	my entire meal was cold to the point where i will be calling the health department as it is not safe to keep meat at this temperature . the brisket had more fat than meat and the hot link was so old there was no moisture in it at all . the yeast rolls may have seen an oven a day or to ago and looked like they were par baked . only someone forgot to finish baking them , also stone cold . $ 40 down the drain and never eating here again !
0	asked for a honey dew mellon boba they do not offer it ... offered me a winter melon instead asked what was in it and no one new ...... finely they said there was fructose and other unhealthy ingredients in stead ordered a green tea instead still waiting on my order there is more employees then customers so far not happy st all ...... two thumbs down they gave me a a greeted boba with fructose corn syrup and told them i did not request that ..... i got a full refund be careful to much unhealthy sweeteners in a drink not good for u oh boy over all i will never be back sorry offer healthier options and i will be back .......
0	asked for a side of sriracha and got this so wrong just laziness so sad smh could have gave my the plastic little cups but noo lazy
0	it was super bland and boring , and in no way worth the $ 10 just for a bland veg soup . when i got up to get some sauce from the corner , they threw my stuff away . what a garbage experience .
0	? ! avocado sauce is taste different than before . mixed meats is doesn 't look like 2 different meats in there
0	spring rolls were good . not good compared to all the good pho around the area . would never go back .
0	pre-paid , waited 2 hours and didn 't get the food . i had to call them and they said the driver was " lost , " but didn 't bother to call me . horrible service . i will never order from them ... if they manage to stay in business somehow .
0	in addiction , the attitude of one of their staff was terrible .
0	ordered chicken vermicelli and there was barely any chicken in it . would not come again .
0	will never come here again also mentioned i wanted a certain dish and they say the price is higher than advertised . also with regards to the pad thai we only asked for broccoli and noodle and light suace . 4 little pieces of broc only .
0	no crab rangoons . over priced , sub-par food . would not recommend .
0	i got about 3 pieces of chicken for my bowl and the rest was veggies . and it tasted like shit . don 't even ask for their hot sauce cause it 's not even hot . i threw it out and ordered somethings else from the food court . save your $ 15 for a bowl and a bottled water for something better .
0	asked for them to bring change $ 100 they said no problem the driver gets to my place says he had no change for a $ 100 had to leave my apartment to get my own change the worst customer service ever
0	at that point the child had not said a word , but we were warned we better take him outside if he gets " loud . " we decided not to stay . the place was not even close to full . won 't be back .
0	just so you know fried rice is made with fried eggs . i simply got up and left and just said " sorry . " # sorrynotsorry
0	after a nice meal including dessert , as my wife and i were still drinking our tea , not yet ready to leave but almost , our waitress asked us to leave or relocate to the bar area , and make room for a reservation . i thought this was rude and not customer friendly at all .
0	seats open at the bar . told 15-20 wait . then let other people sit in those open seats at the bar . hostess fail . then said we could sit at open 4 top . put silverware down . still standing . to be continued or we just leave . not sure yet .
0	never got back to me . also purposely ignored me when i raise my hand to ask again , the lady just looked away and then again at other people . and just walked pass by me and wet me . smh . never coming here again . please find other places .
0	because twice in a row , boxes with sauce are placed on top in the bag insecurely and end up spilling out the gravy all throughout the rest of the items in the bag , including egg rolls on paper bags which end up soggy and soaked with the spilled sauce . create a process that prevents sauces from spilling out or quit putting sauced items in paper boxes that can spill out the top . like the plastic boxes . use those . so another wasted egg roll , a mess to clean up and rinse off the rest of the containers . extremely inconvenient and unsatisfying experience .
0	spend just a few extra dollars and get some chinese that uses real ingredients . really ... it 's not worth it just to save a buck or two .
0	i 'm just glad i did not introduce somebody to filipino food at this place , i would have been embarrassed . maybe i just went on a day they were experimenting on flavors .
0	a small spider at my table - the guy killed it and whisked it away like nothing ever happened .
0	this could be a decent place since the food is not that bad , but with one sushi chef and one server ( on most days ) this place needs to think about service because people are not going to wait 1-2 hours for a meal ( and this is a consistent problem at big eye ) .
0	hope this place can do something about that and improve in the future for the sake of their business being successful .
0	this happened to us as a couple of times already . we 've asked them a couple of times and they said we we 're next after an hour . another 45 minutes have passed said we we 're next . 5 groups were seated ahead of us as they indicated they made reservations . it is sad to say we walked out because we were felt neglected as others are being seated . from a customer service standpoint , this is unacceptable . other than that , their food is good but their seating system needs adjustments .
0	being their competitor pf chang 's is next door you 'd think these guys could step it up ? service is fine but food bland and fish refrigerated tasting and looking .
0	the bathroom wasn 't working and the right half of the restaurant was shut down , only leaving 3 tables to the left open . we felt so rushed while we were eating , they were giving us to-go boxes while we were eating and the lady that served us even picked up the tip while we were still sitting and had the nerve to ask us why our tip was so low when our bill was $ 70 . my sister and i were so pissed and felt so disrespected .
0	i 've called five times , even making sure it was the right number by confirming on google . i just want some takeout ! geeze . revision : i saw a different number on their website and asked to place a takeout order . a man asked to call him back in 15 minutes because he wasn 't at the restaurant . i asked if anyone was there and he said no . am i in the twilight zone ? !
0	the manager made my order she was in such a hurry everything was tossed together . and her portions were not consistent . my daughters food was missing the orange chicken . not driving all the way back so they can make it right . next time we 'll go somewhere else
0	we showed up in the drive -thru no answer so we drove to the window and the workers only looked at us . we continued to try to get their attention but all we got were looks and laughter . after honking several times we finally got someone to the window with a clueless face of how can we help . we decided to leave since this business doesn 't understand customer service . looking for a new panda to go to .
0	we have had better . i gave them one star because our waitress had great customer service .
0	a snoozer , there 's quiet and peaceful and then there 's ' put you to sleep , yearning for some of the vegas hustle atmosphere ' - i get it , mondrian is a quiet , respite , no gambling and smoking , but the restaurant was so dead on a wednesday evening that it seemed like they were actually out of business .... the sushi was solid , but the ambiance + staff was like a stepping into a vacant spa with random ceramic pumpkins adorning the space overlooking the strip -- choose another spot
0	i didn 't like the food took it back to them because the food had a very uncooked taste then i ordered another dish , the chef and owner i think came outside to me and verbally attacked me saying i was making this up . i barley had two spoons of the food and put it back down . the least you could do was give me another dish and i would be on my way . i didn 't want to argue so i just left . i paid $ 32.00 and walked away with no food , i was visiting from seattle definitely will remember this horrible experience . do not eat here save your money go somewhere else .
0	it is being turned into a new business , a korean fusion style restaurant . according to the new owner , the business shut down about 6 months ago .
0	) . i haven 't seen mention of this in other reviews , but considering the challenges of preparing sushi alongside these issues makes me very , very hesitant to ever come here .
0	as of january 2015 appears that both the yakitori bar / seoul food company have closed ( window are all papered over-inside is being cleaned out ) --not sure why this failed--but clearly the number of customers was slowly but surely declining ( some evenings only saw a few people eating there with the waitresses essentially talking to the cook ) ---i hope they put an italian place in here next time--i understand it was supposed to have been a wild wing but the other restaurants stopped them from getting a patio liquor license
0	my experience with 2 ladies here have ruined my chances of ever coming back . one of the ladies that goes by the name of kristi ( cashier ) is very rude and very unprofessional . this is the second time i 've ran into her with a bad attitude . you may not like the place you work but complaining to the customer and having a very negative attitude isn 't going to help much . today i called customer service around 754 to ask a question about an item and once again i was treated with an attitude . i 'm done with this store .
0	sushi rock started going down hill around 2011 and continued to plummet to levels below belief , especially when you consider the highs it once soared to . i just wish i had the recipe for the sauce they used to toss their fried calamari and shrimp in . the place smelled like it had been cleaned using rancid dish towels and their sushi smelled the same the last time i was here ; dirty menus , bad service and overpriced portions are the only things left here . buyer beware , i wouldn 't be surprised if everyone walked away from here with food poisoning .
0	how can i tell ? well i had lunch there yesterday at 2 : 30 and then just watched it come all back up a half hour ago . i ate 17.5 hours ago . food shouldn 't sit in your stomach for more than 8 hours . didn 't even eat anything in between because i felt progressively worse after lunch . like everyone else is saying ... go to the one on shea , never had a problem with that place ever and i 've lost count if how many times i 've been there .
0	my parents took me here with a family friend once because they heard positive reviews from their friends but it was the worst sushi i 've been to in a while . their sashimi were sub par and ratio of rice to raw fish left much to be desired . their cooked food were ok , because the only thing i can really say i liked were the tornado shrimps which were huge and fresh .
0	i ordered the general tso 's chicken ( $ 13.49 ) . it didn 't come with rice so there was a $ 3.99 up charge . the chicken was dry and tough , like it was leftover from the previous day . i hadn 't eaten all day so i forced myself to eat it . hopefully , i won 't regret it later . i will update my review if i end up sick .
0	i usually eat here every time i shop for my basic korean supplies . most of the dishes i ordered were tasteless and old . even my old standby , fried korean dumplings was tasteless and greasy . also the personal hygiene of the front cashier / food handler was outrageous . she was coughing and sneezing into her hand and not washing . just could not take it ! won 't be coming back again .
0	when the cashier was told about it , the reply was " he didn 't know . " is it ok to eat other peoples food off of their trays and make excuses for it ? very disappointed .
0	no napkin or cutlery ... am i suppose to eat with my hands ? ? tired of feeling like a burden to employees when i enter an establishment to order food . it is your job--if you don 't like it , quit . is there any caribbean restaurant in scarborough where i can go and receive equal service ? you clearly see the demeanor and attitude change when a customer comes in who is , how can i say ... not white . on my list of never agains , along with sunrise and a few others . i liked it much better when the asian ladies worked there .
0	now , there wouldn 't be a problem coming here and paying that if the quality matched the price . last time i was here it cost less and the quality was still great . today how ever was another story . the meat had extra fat and easily identify it as lower quality cuts . if the price didn 't go up of they quality change i would mind paying the 8.75 they were charging a few weeks ago . i would not be coming here again . a little longer drive for quality food in which you get what you pay for . time to look for a new spot
0	the place is clean and employees are working hard , but the food is terrible . first off , this is not japanese food . it 's advertised as such but it is a chinese restaurant . i really hope people don 't eat this stuff and believe its japanese .... as a japanese person , that makes me want to cry . anyway , i ordered a $ 9 bowl of ramen that turned out to be instant ramen . it was the first time i had a broccoli in my ramen . terrible .... people do not eat here unless desperate .
0	and like her , there 's no way to know for sure that it was this place , but this was the only place i ate out at .
0	honestly , it was such a surreal experience with the completely oblivious attitude of the server , i can 't put it into words . the sushi was actually very good , but , wow , the server gal was dumbfounding . she was slow , non-responsive , and spoke in cryptic language , while my wife and i looked at each other like we were watching an odd movie or immersed in a nightmare of a dream ... wow .....
0	service was ungodly slow and in attentive . the food came out cold and without and flavor . if i could give this place a 0 i would . save your money and eat else where .
0	" the fish is precut and minuscule . the rice is dry and crumbly and the quality is as low as it can be without being a risk to your health . the avocado salad had only white iceberg lettuce and the miso soup was so thin it was like water . the tamago was frozen and cut into triangles . for $ 36 it was a colossal rip off compared to even the other bad all you can eat places . to cap it off , the decor is so empty and bland it reminded me of an unfinished old folks home lobby .
0	i ordered the shrimp bahn mi burrito via grubhub , and i 'm truly hoping the wrong item was delivered . firstly , the burrito did not have any shimp in it and comprised only of dry rice , large pieces of vegetables and jalapeños with a warm mayo sauce and warm cucumbers . the flavor was not at all of a bahn mi .. any pickled vegetables were masked by immense amounts of american rice , there was no cilantro , no semblance of bahn mi flavor . disappointed by the order inaccuracy , but moreso over this restaurant underestimating their customers ' knowledge of vietnamese cuisine .
0	when i called jabo 's to ask abour gliten free options , the host didn 't really seem to care , and didn 't seem to know what she was talking about . she told me all the meats and sauces were gluten free , so i decided to come in.when we got their , i wanted to double check with our server , who had no idea what items on the menu were gluten free . after checking with the kitchen , it was revealed none of their sauces were glutwn free , and almost none of the appetizers . overall bad experience , and wouldn 't recommend this restauraunt to anybody with allergies or dietary restrictions , as the staff is both unknowledgable and uncaring
0	just because my other family members are dinning at hong kong garden for dim sum does not automatically mean that everyone is looking to eat there . i was and had a craving for deli sandwiches in which i did ended up walking in to purchase 2 as planned ( receipt still in hand ) . don 't go around assuming and start off with horrible service . i ended up keeping my car parked there the whole afternoon taking a space just because that lady was rude . * * * also would be nice to offer water for your customer that is waiting for his to-go order * * *
0	once my entree arrived ( chicken larb ) the servers only came back to my table to give me my check . they didn 't check on us once . even after we made eye contact . the larb had too much onion and rice powder . it was way too gritty . i finished a 3rd of it .
0	after having stood by the door for a good minute , one of the waitress motioned me to a table . didn 't hand me a menu or asked what i wanted to drink . right then , a chinese ( ? ) couple came in . they were greeted warmly and escorted to their tables . i 'm filipino by the way . 3 more minutes of waiting and nobody came to take my order . i just left ...
0	and i was not wrong . i went to wash my hands only to find the dirtiest bathroom i 've ever seen . i lost my appetite after that . pretty sure there 's a lot of health violations . if the bathroom was this dirty , i don 't even want to imagine how dirty the kitchen is .
0	we still put that aside and tried to give this place a benefit of the doubt . we waited to get seated and no one came to us to assist us . finally we got someone 's attention and the guy told us oh they 're close . first off we got there at 8pm and this guy insisted to say they are closed already even though they had clear open sign . i remember liking this place years back but this time it left a bad taste in our mouth . i won 't be surprised if this place closes one day .
0	few minutes later we were told only buffet and it was $ 12.99 . with no other choice we went for buffet .. choices were limited and food was very much below average in taste ! finally when it was time to pay the bill , we were told the cost is $ 14.99 .. when we said we pointed out to the person who seated us , the manager ( ? ) , i apologize for him but the price is $ 14.99 .. most importantly the quality of the food was very poor and i will not recommend this restaurant
0	i ordered the ramen and this is by far the worst taken i 've ever had , noodles were not cooked properly and the broth tasted sour . i also ordered the katana roll and the salmon was not fresh and really warm . other than that our server was really nice and took this time to explain the menu .
0	the service we received was short and shorty . the associate kept leaning on the other side to talk to her coworkers . she didn 't keep eye contact and was very unprofessional . the chow mein was missing sauce . it was simply just the noodles dry ..... the roach was still there by the time we left . this is unsatisfactory and disgusting . i wish no one has to experience this again . im assuming its bad luck considering i also did not get my fortune cookies ..... wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	we ended up paying 46.00 for nothing but rice horrible mushy tempura with only 2 shrimp and a dried out piece of salmon . i asked not to over cook it . my husband ordered the steak and asked for it to be med well and it had blood running out of it . she offered fried rice but didn 't tell us it was extra . we had water but somhow our bill was over 46.00 with our groupon , don 't go here it is a whole in the wall , felt very dirty and gloomy . they are very dishonest
0	it 's pretty hard to mess up pot stickers and friend rice . it somehow they managed .
0	saw a cook sleeping in the dining room . spoke to two managers about the terrible service and was simply offered " a promotion next time we come in ! . " ha . will never return and i plan on spreading the word about this horrific experience .
0	we had some sort of chicken dish - it had an overly sweet sauce with way too much soy sauce and only after i was half way through did i realize what was really wrong . the chicken pieces appeared to be the preformed chicken nuggets you get from any fast food joint smothered in a disgusting sauce . you can get better from the freezer cabinet at safeway . beef chow mein was tough , greasy and bland .
0	only highlight was the summer roll . to be avoided unless desperate . had the penang chicken curry which had 6 small pieces of chicken and an overload of overcooked veggies including peas and carrots . do they not know how to make this dish ?
0	this buffet was one of our poor judgements and we regretted it at the first bite . the food was cold , there was chinese noodles in the middle of an ' authentic ' indian buffet . the chaat was up to the mark but everything else seemed to be a let down . the food was cold , the naan was rubbery , the rasmalai was spoilt , the spread wasn 't impressive , the malai kababs were tasteless etc . the service was good though and very welcoming , we also really enjoyed the gulab jamuns . everything else however was a sad excuse for indian food and i would not recommend this place to anyone i like .
0	not enough sauce , tho more just made it less dry- not taste any better . the cashier seemed annoyed that i took her away from her phone . and all the condiments ( salt , pepper , and soy . no sriracha ) and utensils are behind the counter . you have to ask for them . but i really didn 't want to because i didn 't want to bother her anymore than already had by coming in ... if you want good- no . great teriyaki- goto grilled avenue instead
0	sushi rolls are small , taste bland , plus the service is horrible . we ordered a bunch of rolls and the waitress forgot at least 3 items , plus she forgot our drinks . avoid at all cost .
0	staff didn 't appear fazed by this , we left our meals mid way and left the restaurant disgusted . we were charged the entire bill regardless of our experience . interesting .
0	while eating her rice and chicken , my daughter found a bunch of hair in her mouth . she immediately threw it out . safe to say , they lost a customer .
0	then as we complete our order , they tell us they don 't have an item . this place isn 't worth dinner time . everything was breaded to doughy with no meat .
0	when we tried to go look for a seat he then put his phone away to ask us how many people is in our party . after we all got seated we put in our order . 3 out of the 4 people got their foods while the fourth person waited for the food to come out . we kept looking for our server and asked the other server for our food . no one even came over to acknowledge us until the 3 people were done eating . there were no aplogies or anything . never coming back here again .
0	a staff member did pursue to roach but i was unable to confirm his kill . i still decided to give this place a try and it legitimately made me feel sick and it was not my first sushi experience or anything like that . i don 't know if i 'm just really unlucky but non of the sushi from the conveyer belt was even kinda fresh . my recommendation is to pay a bit more and actually enjoy your food and not struggle to finish .
0	" and bonchon don 't make no difference to me . i don 't recommend this place . truly disappointing . the first thing--that i 'm still not over--is the rotting raw chicken smell that hit me as soon as i walked in . i was looking for the yummy cooked chicken aroma . we came for the wings but they were out of the spicy sauce for wings . they only have two kinds on the menu so how do you run out ? we also had the bibimbap with bulgogi which was ok . nothing amazing . not sure how this place made the eater list .
0	we don 't want to sit at the bar , so they are making us wait. said if we don 't take bad will be a long time. i shouldn 't be forced to sit at the bar and there are plenty of places to sit . never coming back. will go to other locations .
0	wrong ! i have eaten here twice and ended up with the worst food poisoning each time . first time i though i was just sick but few months later when back in vegas , we came here again since my friends wanted to do the seafood buffet . it happened again . i have no idea what is in the food or how fresh it is that makes me sick every time . on the second trip 2 other friends also got sick . i don 't know what others experience is but i am not coming back . the casino is fun but this buffet makes me too ill to return .
0	i had the dim sum sampler , half of which i enjoyed , but the sodium content is sky high . six hours and several large glasses of water later , my mouth is still dry . i did not add any condiments either !
0	they said they were closed , that they had already " thrown the food away . " we got in our car and watched a family of 4 or 5 let in to the restaurant , so they fed them . we went to another viet namese restaurant and it was delicious and cost less ! we will be going back to the 2nd restaurant !
0	but we came in in a relatively large group & my fiancé did not receive her first roll until an hour after she ordered it . most of our party also had large waits as well . the taste was fair to average , nothing to complain about , but there are better tasting sushi restaurants in the valley . a manager was extremely nice & tried to help out , but an auto-gratuity on the check was definitely in bad form after the very poor service .
0	the staff are really rude , saying there 's only 1 size for the pho bowls when on the menu there 's a small and large . not recommended for big parties also .
0	the salmon was really good , the tuna was terrible and left uneaten . i 'm not a connoisseur by any stretch of the imagination , but bleh . overpriced , substandard , major fail .
0	called and complained , to the manager of the restaurant who was very uncaring in her demeanor and claims that no one else called in a complaint today . we will never eat here again . avoid this place at all costs ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	i 've been sick ever since . vomiting , diarrhea , chills , fever .... definitely food poisoning of some kind . if you decide to go here make sure everything is cooked all the way through .
0	we were the only ones in here . the teriyaki chicken was like rubber and grisly . i couldn 't eat one bite . it was disgusting . the tempura was ok but it 's hard to screw that up . i have been here a few times and no one ever seems to be happy to be working here . the place needs a make over . the seats are cracking so they are uncomfortable on your legs . it 's dirty . we have given this place too many chances . i paid my bill , didn 't complain and left . we will not be back .
0	24 hours later when i reviewed the photo i took , i saw a freaking fly in my soup . it 's probably in my stomach now .
0	was thoroughly disappointed with the food . for the price , the portions were very small . the cut rolls were mostly rice and the sticky rice with spicy tuna was too greasy . ( the tuna was good though ) . the worst part was that the waitress tried to shame us into ordering more food . i understand the upsell but she was trying to make us feel bad . we saw right through and couldn 't wait to get out of there .
0	tried the sister store in mesa today . thinking they changed owners this was not same quality of food we had before ! chicken patay oily and peanut sauce a blob . won ton soup old and tasted like canned chicken soup , spicy seafood should have been called spicy veggie for lack of clams , mussels and shrimp . only good dish was chow mien chicken with special papaya sauce . the server didn 't get our drink order right but after asking twice for 2 diet cokes and hot tea we got 1 of each ! it was not busy 2 other tables besides ours and food came out fast ! thus1 rating i wish we just passed this one up !
0	ate at the buffet with my family. only giving one star since i can 't give zero or negative. fish in the sushi was not anywhere near fresh and made my sister so sick she threw up. all of the meat products were raw in the middle causing me and my stepdad to get sick. it was the worst food i 've ever had in my life. everyone that ate here got sick. even the watermelon was horrible. i don 't know how they fucked shit up that bad but they did .
0	ate breakfast buffet because of being hungry cereal was my choice , not worth the breakfast buffet don 't waste you money beside the dessert don 't waste your time and money .. !
0	first sushi place that the shrimp was not cleaned out . soooooooo grosssss ! service was really slow and they weren 't very busy . really disappointed and most def not going back .
0	so , we decided to do it again the next saturday and were told the buffet ended at 7 : 45 . the sign says they have it both sat and sun dut no stopping time . ask to talk to manager and he was very rude . he stated that it is his decision when to close and we should order off regular menu that costs the same but with less food . i really liked this place but we will not be back .
0	service consistently rude and absent . last time i walked in , i walked right out . it was like i walked into a triad meeting , no music , just the quiet whirring of the overhead fan ... more like a crime hideout in a warehouse than a restaurant . very dirty .
0	nothing tasted homemade or authentic . tastes like americanized filipino food . my moms tastes way better . the lumpia was even disgusting and the chicken adobo wasn 't appetizing at all . idk how this place has so many good reviews because if you are a true filipino , you know dang well that this place doesn 't taste good at all .
0	then on our last visit we opened our menus and baby roaches fell out .... nope ! haven 't been back since .
0	the employees sound aggressive and i 've even gotten sick once from the food . would not recommend this place to anyone .
0	this time was not good . service was slow . first dish was a seafood pad thai . it was mostly noddles , with very little seafood . the second dish , which came 20 minutes later was seafood pain fried noodles . the noodles were burnt . again , there was very little in the way of actual seafood and mostly noodles . the mushrooms were also almost raw .
0	the last time i ate here i had a dish i was used to and after a few bites , i broke out in a rash . they advertise no msg , but my reaction proved otherwise . very stingy when i asked for my money back . to be fair , i was at work and wouldn 't get there in time to get my money , but i was scolded about not saying i was allergic to msg . .. didn 't know i was supposed to if there is a no msg note on the menu . really uncool . won 't be back .
0	the food was not good at all . i didn 't like any thing i ate . it was all cold and had no taste . on top of it all my boyfriend and i have been sick all day today . never going back here again . it seemed great at first , but the service continuously gets worse , the quality of the food is getting worse , and now the last two times we are here we both spend the next day sick .
0	service was terrible unless you are korean then you get served right away even though you came in after us . ayy goo racism ?
0	it was pretty gross . no clue if it even exists anymore . moving on ...
0	i have tried several chinese restaurants and buffets that are good in phoenix , but this was just awful . i will never go back to this one after it made me sick like that .
0	food tastes okay , but definitely not worth it .
0	read the bad reviews . knew it was not going to be that great . decided to go again because i wanted to try something different . got this chinese fish dish that was just absolutely horrible . fish fillet floating in grease with absolutely no taste . i could make something better at home . avoid at all cost . why go here when there are much better restaurants around . on another note , apparently they have hotpots there now ? maybe i 'll stop by there again just for the hot pot even though i 'll probably end up regretting it , again .
0	also , they have been leaving flyers on my door lately , so i 'll definitely never be doing business with you guys again .
0	the food had so much sauce on it i could not eat it i had the lettuce wraps i would not order again . also was expensive for something i could not eat
0	we thought we 'd give this place a chance again ... we were directed to the opposite side of the room away from any servers and we 're were waiting for about 30minutes counting without being noticed . i feel embarrassed and about to leave . thank you yelp for allowing a place to share this experience .
0	i was so disappointed cuz i 'm crazy about pho. this was one of the worst i ever had. would never eat here again . i can make a better pho at home .
0	i had realized my table was near the bathrooms and there was a very obvious sewage problem going on in there . i had lost my appetite and will never go back again .
0	egg roll and squid awesome ordered the pad kea mow at a 3 but came at a 8 easy too hot called the owner over and tried to explain and he started to yell at me grabbed my plate and in front of a crowd to me to get the f out of there . i will go to the corner thai kitchen at trop . and tee pee .
0	general tso chicken was grizzle . kung po chicken was greasy and very little chicken - what was there dark meat . chicken lo mein oily and smoky not much chicken there either . no fried rice available another review said great food like ny ? ? ? no way - lived in ny for 49 years . this stuff was awful and not on the same planet as food from ny . i do not suggest eating here - i know my family and i will never go back
0	food was average along with the service . spotted a roach running around in the dining area . needless to say we will not be returning
0	everything tasted like bad fish , threw it all in the garbage . beware
0	i have been vomiting and having the runs all day ! i was very dehydrated with body aches . felt like the flu , but worse . i don 't recommend this place for sushi .... it will have you in the hospital = /
0	i should have noticed most of the bad reviews are in july , seems like its getting worse .fish was not fresh rice was bad . most of the staff just seems confused .
0	possible food poisoning from the salmon rolls . didn 't taste good , and was skeptical at the time of eating it . i should have taken a clue when the owner was also serving and making the sushi . dishes pilled high in the hand wash station . the kitchen looked dirty . avoid .
0	me and 4 others ate here and towards paying our bill , one of my friends noticed a b grade hanging up near the kitchen as well as a c grade near the entrance door . if we noticed this before eating we wouldn 't have eaten here . this is my 2nd time eating at this place and never seen a grade for a restaurant with a b. or either both a c. if you plan on eating here , i would think twice . this restaurant needs to update their grade . will not eat here again until this issue is resolved
0	selection of food was pretty good , though nothing tasted amazing . now for the bad news : my poor fiance got such terrible food poisoning he hasn 't been able to get out of bed today except to stumble to the bathroom to throw up . needless to say we won 't be going back , and i strongly caution anyone considering going !
0	won 't go back . smelled fishy when we walked in and i assumed it was the seafood on the buffet ... as we left i realized the smell was the fish tanks that looked far overdue for a cleaning . the walls on the booths were dirty with food and grease as were the siracha and soy sauce bottles on the tables . all desserts i tried were dried out as though they had been on the buffet all day . the rest of the food was average . i tried the sushi and regretted it immediately . i was thankful i didn 't get sick . you would be better off going to panda express .
0	my son had the orange chicken and i had the lemongrass chicken . we both ended the night with upset stomachs and painful trips to the bathroom . we both had sweet and sour soup which was funky tasting as well as the crispy bean appitizer . our server was nice ( her first day of training ) but the service was so slow . we were there two hours . they also did not clear the table after each new meal delivery . i can 't return to this place
0	both of us got food poisoning . i would recommend anyone to stay away from this place .
0	was the most sick i have ever been in my life . had not eaten anything that day so absoltely positive this was the cause as was she . called and spoke with manager who told me to come in for refund . went in and was told by owner she would not give me refund unless i had hospital report . she was rude and they completely did not care about my wellbeing or making this right . do not go . disgusting .
0	it 's hard to expect more from a restaurant off of the mall ( concord mills ) , because i understand they need to churn people in and out , but the menu was just too funky ( lots of sauces and again fried food ) . i haven 't been back since dining almost 2 years ago .
0	pad thai spring rolls the pad thai was the most unusual pad thai i 've ever had , in that it really didn 't taste like pad thai at all , was too dark looking ( too much soy ? ) and was basically crap . the spring rolls were a little better , but not better than the nearby vietnamese place . so i do not recommend this place at all . if you want good thai ( for madison ) go to thai noodles on mckee . adios !
0	definitely do not recommend the all you can eat deal , it is not worth the money . on top of that they had horrible customer service , mediocre food and a laundry list of rules and regulations for their all you can eat special . they also don 't follow yelp rules by enticing customers to leave 5 star reviews and get a free dessert . so they definitely have a bias yelp profile !
0	threw up 2 hours later . i 've traveled all over south-east asia and latin america . when traveling i 've gotten sick about twice .
0	overpriced , and execution was sloppy all the way around - each dish was clumsier than the next ( oily and soggy , unbalanced or uninspiring flavor ) . oh well , maybe i caught them on a bad day , but next time i will go somewhere else .
0	went to the bathroom after . washed my hands and a live cockroach was in the sink . reported to public health .
0	was always one of our top choices for korean bbq , but now toward the bottom of our list . first time we have been here where restaurant was empty . and now i know why .
0	gross ! ordered the lite plate of their meat and 2 which means that it is less food . however , price is the same for lite or regular plate . the food was subpar , and i won 't be returning . so disappointed !
0	it was terrible . the food tasted good but the service and portions were way off . they had to replace both our orders and the portions were small and the vegetables were super skimpy for shawarmas . all in all super dissapointing first and last impression . the server tried to tell is that we ordered wrong and that she personally saw the cook put the vegetables that were clearly not in the wraps . definitely wouldn 't go back . maybe other locations are better but this was terrible value . could have had pitaland for half the price and bigger portions .
0	we told the waitress and she just looked at the counter and walked away . i am super grossed out and i won 't be back. ever .
0	we ordered the 4 course dinner for 2 and waited forever for our server to even take our order . then after the apps came , the dinner entrées took 45 minutes to come out after the apps ! ! ! our server never came around between the apps and the main course . i used to come here all the time and not sure if we 're going to return .
0	i am sad to say that i was highly disappointed . i was looking forward to this place ! we had dinner here on a friday night . the service was okay . the food was bland and just plain terrible . the fish tasted anything but fresh . the soup was sour like rotten milk , and i almost threw up after eating . needless to say i don 't think it was authentic shanghainese food . my husband was looking forward to the soup dumplings and even those were below par . i should have known better because there was only two other parties in the restaurant when we got there . never again ! sorry not sorry .
0	it 's now $ 18.40 to eat the ever shrinking all you can eat menu . the service is slow and not attentive . the quality of the sushi is passable . i am now officially over this resto chain . i understand that this place will last because of all the offices along decarie - captive audience . their others probably will die because the quality to price ratio has gone way down .
0	i have had authentic chinese and fast food chinese . this was neither . it was just incredibly greasy , poorly prepared food . the only dish that was decent was the pork fried rice . pretty tough to really mess this up but surprised they didn 't ! food served quickly . then service disappeared . strange place . never again .
0	the food was okay but the service was absolutely horrible . one person in our group waited an hour for her smoothie even with asking about it 3 times . they messed up many of the orders , were rather rude about their mistakes , and customers who came in and ordered after us were served before us . never again will i waste my time at this restaurant .
0	ate here yesterday .. food was average for a chinese place nothing special but all of us got diarrhea .. someone had written about mice running around 20 days ago .. should have taken the hint .. first and last visit ever ! ! ! !
0	the food however ... my friend ordered the bun bo hue , myself and another friend got the 88 special . i asked for meat on the side ( which is normal and means the raw beef on the side ) , but instead got all the meat including tripe on the side . that was fine , but my friend 's bun bo hue had a hair in it and they promptly had to apologize and replace it . the meals themselves were bland and seemed to be teeming with m.s.g. we finished our meals and now realize that we all had bowel problems the next day . what the f % $ # !
0	said i wouldn 't come for dine in ever again . fast forward a couple weeks .... i decided to try carry out with slices . i was told they are pre made slices and should be ready in 2 minutes . 20 minutes later .... i 'm still waiting . what the heck is going on with this place ?
0	i defined have co e across other small places that the chicken had a good appearance and the shrimp was larger for around the same price . tried this place out - trying to find a good chinese restaurant close to home . will need to cont to looking .
0	over priced , and just blah . again , i 'm sorry i 'm white , but my money is just as good as the chinese guy next to me right ? !
0	the food is expensive , but not enough food . brought chicken green curry and there were no chicken . the same with the salmon . last time i ate at this place for lunch , i got super sick . i still trying to feel better but my stomach and my belly hurts no stop . not sure what was in that food that made me so sick . i will never go back there again .
0	walked in and three employees standing at the counter they just stared at us like they never seen customers . finally one of them gave us menus . the beef curry i ordered was the worst i have ever had . i 've traveled extensively in asia so i know what it should taste like . it was very salty . we had to ask for napkins , chopsticks , as the server didn 't give us any . also ordered wings omg so salty couldn 't eat them . i don 't understand how this place can stay in business there were no customers and seven employees working . my advice is ur craving chinese food go elsewhere fast .
0	worst food i 've ever eaten . lean cusino in freezer section is superior .
0	the sandwich was dry because it didn 't have enough sauce . but the worst part was the fact that the falafel balls were dry as the clay soil i 've been trying to dig through in my garden . so hard to chew through they were so dry . i asked for more sauce and they said they had to charge me . they came around to ask how the meal was and i told them i couldn 't eat the falafel balls as they were dry dry dry and the waitress walked off never to be seen again . so i left half my meal where it was when i left . left unhappy and will never return ! ! ! ! ! !
0	very disappointed when i got my bao like it came straight out of the fridge . the veggies were flavourless and they did not have cilantro .. a key ingredient . the banh mi was not toasted and was also cold . the meat was not seasoned well and the pickled veggies lack a lot of flavour . i expected a lot more taro fries at $ 5 and it really wasn 't that good either . prices are also higher than bmb .
0	for one , the food is just terrible . there were 8 of us , ordering different food , and none of it was very good . i had the pork bone soup , which was watery and very skimpy on the meat . also , there was no potato and no rice . i was told that the korean bbq ( full serve ) was also very disappointing . my friend had a bowl of seafood noodles and found " 3 pieces of seafood larger than a dime . " the service was slow and seemed to be exasperated by all our orders . a terrible experience all around . no wonder no one else reviewed this place .
0	thanks to her cuz will never come back no more to spend my money in this rude server thai restaurant.i spent too much money and the lady is so rude . she 's not supposedly in this kind of business cuz all she got is her mad face all the time . we 're not spending money juz to be treated bad . i hope the management can do something about this it 's ruining the image of this good restaurant
0	the food has absolutely no flavor , the soy sauce made my white rice black , not the usual brown color soy sauce makes . got beef and broccoli , chow mein and some other stuff with mushrooms . never again .
0	the spring rolls were fresh although i recommend the no chicken option . the wonton soup was great with a tasty broth . definitely recommend . the pad thai chicken smelled funny and wasn 't good nor was it a 7 hotness . not spicy at all , in fact . i won 't be back because the pad thai chicken was not good . service very nice but very slow . not many people were in the restaurant at the time and it was snowy outside .
0	very disappointed . the chicken was over cooked and dry . beef dish was cooked in an unknown sauce with too much onions . a seafood casserole dish did not contain much seafood at all . the only passable dish was the snow pea pod vegetables . came with visiting friends from foreign . will not return or recommend .
0	nothing but f-this f-that , * igga * igga that . gonna * uck you til you walk sideways . not what i would call restaurant music or environment . no wonder it was almost empty at dinner time . no respect for customers . can 't imagine many kids go there . unbelievable . worst ramen experience yet .
0	it was typical buffet food . wasn 't very hot & food was bland . was very expensive for the quality of good .
0	began vomiting 5 hours after eating there last night . had to miss work and still feel awful .
0	food was veggie dish . the dish was almost 60 % onions . told server and her only response was sorry . told he manager on the way out . he said sorry . nothing off the bill but told me to let him know next time we came in and he would take care of an item . no thanks . won 't be back . if you are looking for japanese try the south point casino .
0	around 1am ish , me and my little 6 yrs old boy has food poisoning from that place . we 're at the umc urgent care right now . hope that help . i 've also filed a complaint with the health department .
0	the only other thing i had yesterday was a fruit salad so i 'm 100 % sure it was this restaurant . i ate the chasu pork , potato wrapped shrimp , tuna nigiri , salmon nigiri and a cucumber salad . not cool guys , step it up .
0	crazy ! ! very disappointing ! so we ordered everything else on the menu and the sauce wasn 't flavourful . if you 've had real crawfish at a real crawfish place then you would know this place is really hyped .
0	ate there for first time , .and had the runs all night , dont think i will go back , titos revenge ! !
0	there was about 4 choices . food was cold and very gross . i 'll never go back to this place .
0	waiter sneezed into his hand and then wiped his hand on his apron . i refused to accept the serving plate that he then brought out and asked him to wash his hands and bring new plates . after the meal i complained to the manager . the manager said that the waiter had told him about my asking him to wash his hands after sneezing and that he never sneezed . the manager then told me " to get over it . " i will never go back even though i had been going there for over 10 years .
0	i ordered the large beef stew , it was delicious , but had only one little piece of meat the size of a quarter and the rest was potatoes . i finished my meal , pissed , looking at my roommate eating his big portion of chicken . you guys suck !
0	the place was pretty expensive and just not very good . generic food court food .
0	will not repeat . cheap prices , but also verrry cheap quality food . many better quality food options in the area for the same price-point .
0	there were plenty of food options , but the food was horrendous . one of the worst chinese buffets we 've been to . even the kids were turned off .
0	young man went to sit us and the owner came over to tell us the table is not available . after a while a table opened up and he sat a group of people behind us . i asked him what happened and he said no one told him we were waiting when he was the one to tell us to wait . we left as he threw his hands up in the air . i bet it 's good food but don 't go there unless your a regular . lots of tables opened but reserved .
0	we both shared a bowl of saimen with bbq pork in it . after we ate it we both started to get an itchy feeling in the back of our throat and i started to get bumps on my lips . we are both allergic to shellfish . my sister then asked if they put any shrimp in the broth , they said yes . aloha kitchen you can kill people who are allergic to shellfish and other seafood , you need to place warning on your menu !
0	therefore the music and the mood were killed . we did not enjoy the food . after spending most of the night with stomach pains due to the sushi will never go there or recommend people going there .
0	the sea weed salad & rainbow roll were both delicious . then , i ordered the fried calamari ... it tasted like rubber with a very slimy texture . wasn 't separated at all just one big ball of tempura . the salmon roll was warm . there was a bug crawling around my friends roll and they still charged us for everything . cool art on the walls but i refuse to return .
0	but most of the food was cold , not lukewarm , but cold . you expect that buffet food isn 't going to be piping hot all the time , but this was ridiculous . upon telling our waitress , she offered a bunch of excuses . she took 2.57 off our bill as a discount for us mentioning the cold food . we ordered hot tea , flavorless . she had brought a teapot , but only one cup . we asked for another cup to use and were charged an extra dollar for that . bathroom walls are disgustingly dirty ... bloody boogers and all . sushi was just ok . overall , very disappointed and will not be back .
0	but after further reflection , and after burping fried chicken burps for about 4 hours after eating , i 've decided that big in japan isn 't worth the trip at all . the food court seating is somewhat lame as well .
0	the first time they no showed i had ordered online , after an hour i called and spoke with a women who had no idea what i was talking about. they still never sent it. the second time i decided to order by phone to make sure there wasnt just an internet ordering system error. i spoke with one of the younger people who speaks english quite well. he assured me the food would be delivered with in half an hour. after more than an hour it never showed and i didnt think calling would solve anything this time either , so i didnt bother. waste of time and disappointing .
0	the food came quite quickly to our delight . the actual service was below mediocre and the food tasted like dog food . my boyfriend and i ordered two plates he got the teriyaki and i got the kung pao which contained raw peanuts thrown on top of thinly sliced overcooked meat covered in some mysterious sauce that tasted like a dogs gravy . i informed the man that i didn 't like the dish and his response was a scowl and then he walked away ...... still charged us even though i only took two bites from the whole plate . i will never be coming back .
0	i am being adventurous and eating out of my comfort zone . i ordered the hot and sour soup and the dinner lo mein combo . the soup didn 't taste right , it was peppery and sweet . the lo mein dish is okay , nothing special . the restaurant is nestled in a shady area and inside of the restaurant is small . overall , the food is okay .
0	" we asked how many people for the gratuity and she said 5 , but we had 4 and a toddler . another lady ( better speaking english one ) came over and said they charge 10 % because holiday on a " sunday . " 10 % is not much money , but they tried to find any other excuse to charge extra . good one , san woo .
0	we were seated and no one came over for at least 10 minutes . we flagged down another waitress who said she 'd tell our server to come over . we waited for another 5 minutes and she didn 't apologize and didn 't address the issue at all . the food wasn 't as good as it was before and they meat offerings changed and we more limited .
0	we would mention the problem and made to feel like we didn 't know what we were talking about . when the last order had more fat than meat and again the management seem not interested in replacing our order with one with meat , we have never been back and never will go there again .
0	they serve big portions for a low price . looks fairly neat and big when walked in . however , the food is tasteless , i never walked out a restaurant before with food left on table and hungry still . food needs big improvement . such disappointment . not returning .
0	i had read the reviews , and i thought everyone is just so picky about their sushi . but seriously . dont eat here . thankfully w saved a family from missouri that had walked in about 20min after us . it taste good when it 's in your mouth but after , not so much . great customer service but horrible food .
0	we only get 1 / 3 of what we ordered and we did not order lot at all . the food though not bad but compared with the price we paid and the waiting time , i guess we can find many other better restaurants than this place with the same price . very poor service , the ordered items never arrived . i personal feel it is a rip off restaurant as they use the waiting time to be an excuse to the customers for not getting food and we finally have to leave as our patience reached the limit .
0	bun bo hue : worst bun bo ever . the soup was beyond bland , presentation was horrible , and the veggies that came with it were all wilted . 2 . bun thit nuong , cha gio : so everyone was raving about their spring rolls and i had to try . this was also a disappointment ! spring rolls were filled with beans instead of actual meat . their grilled pork was rock hard . couldn 't get through either meals overall : definitely won 't be bad .
0	atmosphere great and friendly staff , but the food was a dissappoinment , felt like a supermarket meal ...
0	the food is good but can get better at tomo a half mile north ... and a lot less expensive !
0	pad thai lunch set - creme soup : adequate , few pieces of corn - pad thai : 1 / 5 , entirely ketchup based , i couldn 't even get through a quarter of the meal , barely any meats or veggies . overall : probably wont be back , nothing memorable .
0	bun bo hue : way too much fish sauce , not a lot of meet , veggies were in fresh 2 . banh cuon : flour roll was unfresh overall : won 't be back .
0	atmosphere : typical chinese , pretty pack during lunch hours , located at time square food : beef brisket noodles : i didn 't particularly like the noodle used , and found the beef to be quite tough overall : won 't be back , there 's much better restaurants in the area
0	i was super hungry and still it was bad . the beef were squarely cut , there was green peppers and pineapple , and onions in it . i 've had this dish many times before , and never like this . overall : super disappointed . definitely won 't be back
0	horrible service , it was wrong , and no one will correct the issue . don 't even waste your time with the worthlessness that is this whole restaurant . part or the corner market & ale in greentree , i am so disappointed !
0	he served our filet mignon to the person next to us , then realized his mistake and instead of making more steak , reaches onto the strangers plate that she had been eating from and took back the steak and served it to my girlfriend . embarrassing . will probably not dine here again . one star for yummy yummy sauce .
0	it was my favorite place to eat . over the past several years i 've noticed the quality has slowly diminished . after eating a dry , old turkey dish for lunch last week i 've decided i will no longer frequent this establishment . over the past few months i have been served food that appears to have been stored in a refrigerator for several days . when i dine out i expect the food to be freshly cooked . they are cutting corners and it shows .
0	went back today , huge disappointment . beer was cold , staff was friendly . that 's about as complimentary as i can be . food was not good , we won 't be back .
0	issues with the food and service . 90 minutes for one person in our party to be served , and it was wrong .
0	first of all the chicken was burnt and was room temperature . second the cheese rangoon was burnt so we asked if they can make a new plate of cheese rangoon then the cheese rangoon after being cooked it was frozen then we had lomein the lomein was cold and not good . they said since they are slow , not a lot of customers , that 's why it was cold . what a poor excuse ! ! !
0	they harvest rice grains and make noodles per order . they also slaughter the cow in the back kitchen so that you get the freshest beef with your pho . at least that 's what i tell myself to justify this place taking 45 minutes to serve noodles in premade broth . i 've never seen a restaurant where 85 % of the people are not eating anything . if waiting a long amount of time for something that should be served in 10 minutes after you order is your thing then pho kihn do is for you ! oh and about the food ... it isn 't even that good . place is dirty too . never again ....
0	complete apathy of service , almost borderline rude . food was sub par , my usual favorite dish of matar paneer was almost inedible i threw most of it away . i would mention pricing but honestly if the food was good i wouldn 't be too upset but $ 20 + for a terrible meal isn 't good value . change your attitudes and your chefs .
0	when this place opened it looked like a place that would serve authentic hyderabadi dishes at a reasonable price . the quality of the food steadily came down to a point where their food tastes very stale and has zero flavor . looks like the owners of this place threw in the towel and are pretty much out to get whatever they can before they eventually shut down this place . the attitude of the people that work at this place isn 't very helpful either when it comes to addressing customer complaints about the quality of the food that 's served . won 't be going back to this place ever .
0	avoid ... unless you want to get insulted ! ! we were staying on the royal mile for a week and had some great food but our whole trip was soured by one lunch visit to this restaurant and very low level of service . the manager / owner was rather rude .
0	had dinner recently for 10 people . the captain did such a poor job of recommending dishes that we did not have sufficient food . all he wanted to do was to make sure that enough expensive dishes were ordered like the $ 80 steam fish.will not be back .
0	save your money and go somewhere else . went here for the start of a bachelorette party . we were seated downstairs in the basement at one of the hibachi tables . it was hot and no air was circulating . the heat continued through our 3 and 1 \ 2 hour meal . that alone should tell you how slow the service is . by the time i received my shrimp and scallop hibachi , i was ready to get the hell out of there , and so was the rest of the party .
0	be wary food goers , the english and chinese menu do not align . you may have ordered cucumbers with parsley , but receive a plate of onions . do not stumble into this pitfall as i did . service cannot process english well , so enjoy your plate of onions . food is below the standard of similar cuisines in the surrounding area . and at a higher price point . the interiors look and feel like a kidnappers ransom note . hideous . 1 / 5 would not order a plate of onions again .
0	the food is good , but check your bill . i noticed a huge discrepancy on my bill and brought it to their attention . they adjusted it , but it was still incorrect , but still in their favor of course . it is my opinion that the error was not accidental . my eleven year old niece can add better .
0	the service was slow , disorganized and inattentive . we ordered sushi as an appetizer which arrived after our soup and salad . the sushi was far below average - don 't even touch the yellowtail . as we waited for our appetizers our wine came even slower and apparently sharing a glass of water is a thing . the other people at the table all received their cooked appetizers before the meal . the teppanyaki chef was dull and rushing to get through our table . sadly he wasn 't in such a hurry as to cook our filet mignon rare as ordered . in short nothing went well . the food was bland , poorly prepared and presented .
0	unsuccessful . eggs were rubbery , fruit was old , and everything else was greasy and unappetizing . i hear ti has since changed ownership , so maybe it 's better now .
0	they had a buy 2 rolls get 1 free sushi special . there was only 1 person preparing the sushi and 1 server for the whole place . our server took our order , brought our drinks , soup and salad and never came back . we ordered the sushi special along with a shrimp & chicken dinner . we waited 30 minutes for our food and finally got up to leave . the manager apologized but did nothing to encourage us to come back . we went to yama down the road where we received excellent service and delicious food . will not go back to tsunami .
0	tried to get take out after that and they said they " didn 't offer " takeout . will not be going back .
0	horrible service or just awfully mismanaged ! waited 10 + minutes to be seated , wasn 't ever even greeted ( even speak some basic thai ) . we watched them setup a table for 2 , our party was 3 . at that point we walked .. not sure any of us will return .
0	attempted to have dinner here tonight -- place empty at 530 pm -- hostess -- reservations ? no -- sorry nothing avail -- no aloha sprit in my opinion -- took my business elsewhere -- and we 're nv locals -- maybe i need a gold card to feel the aloha ? -- nice decor - maybe 1 / 2 a star
0	walked in , waited at the hostess stand for several minutes without being acknowledged . decided it was probably an indication of the poor service to come and went down the street to pei wei ! if the restaurant had been busy i would have been more patient , but after poking my head into the dining areas i only saw a few tables of patrons .
0	the door was unlocked and the sign on the door says they close at 3 : 00pm . will not be coming back here since they do not want the business .
0	i guess they didn 't need my money even though my order would have been to go . i will never attempt to dine here again .
0	poor customer service from restaurant and server . no response still a week later from the restaurant . terrible .
0	do not come here to eat. it 's terrible dirty and the foods are suck. the plate and cups they use are all plastic and dirty. the foods even worst. the services of course are worst , no service but charge tips on the bill without telling you. we only have 2 adults and 2 kids but they charged tips on the bill. really need to report them to city. the restroom , omg ... smell and dirty , worst than public restroom. so you can imagine how 's worst this restaurant is ...
0	attention everyone , scam they said only $ 17.99 on sunday but when i came there it 's $ 20.99 , scam scam , false advertised ordered dynamite sushi roll , it came with no avocado , replaced with cucumber inside , when i asked the server , he said " the pics on the tablet was only for reference " false advertised , scam eveything advertised there was only for reference baddd service i rather come to sushi 168 instead , better server better food do not come there to eat
0	the customer service is disgusting . they never smile to customers . i made to go order , the lady who took my order is very rude . never come again .
0	this place will include tip in your bill and will not mention it , customers then leave a tip on tip big scam ! ! ! they did it to me a few times they got me the first 3 times on my 4th , i came prepared and asked for my detailed bill just as i was paying. he started justifying the extra " divers " lines in the bill saying these were tips included
0	if it 's an empty restaurant at night then yknow there 's something wrong with it ..........
0	what i wanted had a 5 minute wait . what i ordered took 10 . i think any time food is fried , it should say it in the description . i don 't like fried food . got kung pow chicken , which is fried , but the menu description doesn 't say that . so salty it 's almost inedible . the snap peas are good - all 8 of them . the menu does indicate this is spicy , but it 's not at all . hey , pei wei - people who don 't like spicy won 't be ordering this . people that do will , so live by your little chili indicator .
0	for some reason they are staying open during a renovation , and it is extremely noisy . the choices on the buffet are slim pickings and at this time you are better served to take your business elsewhere . i wish them luck and i 'm sure after the renovation all will be swell .
0	at the entrance you have to prepay your food this cashier was telling us how much we have to pay but we did not understood it so we asked again but she ignored us and then she just pointed us sign !
0	it wasn 't the case , my friend ordered the noddle and pork tonkatsu and what a let down it was . it was just a ramen pack served with an cold premade pork cutlet . also , i ordered their braise pork with rice . it was just taco bell meat serve with some mushy rice . in conclusion , the restaurant and the price seem inviting , don 't go to cafe unique 17. it 's a huge waste of money .
0	maybe it 's due to a language barrier , but the lady at the cash taking my take out order was not friendly at all . she was impatient with me prompting for my order ( even though i had already asked for 2 pork bone soup to go ) . obviously she didn 't understand what i had said . then i asked if i could choose the 1 side order that comes with the meal since dine- in customers get 6 dishes and the curt answer was " no , only kimchi . " food is charged at standard price , but the staff is enough reason not to go back !
0	i suppose being spoiled with asian food while growing up in san francisco , i am totally biased . pei wei 's food is edible , just nothing compared to the asian cuisine you can get elsewhere ( even in chandler ) that is tastier and less expensive . for what this is , i would rather go to panda express .
0	the food quality is poor ! there are lots of other mcdonald 's in vegas and they are way better . don 't waste your time going to this mcdonald 's go to better ones !
0	absolutely horrible . why are they so rude when they work for tips . this place used to be good back 4 years ago . they need new management with friendly staff . price is higher than other korean restaurants yet their service is very poor . i am not coming back here .
0	waiter was not anxious to explain the menu . i do enjoy pho and this was truly just average.my wife ordered the pork and shrimp and it contained only two shrimp . they only take cash . i ordered a spring roll and the waiter told me that they were out of them . 10 minutes later i saw them serving it to someone else . i won 't be back .
0	attitude sucks food don 't matter restaurant hours says closes at 9.30 and 8.30 they were closed once
0	brought my grandma here for dim sum on sunday . i don 't mind waiting cause it was expected but there 's no seats for the elderly when people are waiting . dim sum is norm for most older asians for breakfast brunch and lunch . the staff is quite rude also .. will consider other dimsum places since the wait is the same . update * * * * we waited for 45mins apparently they give seats to ppl they know . even though you got a number it means nothing .
0	their $ 9.99 lunch buffet is great ! yes , it 's not as spicy as some people might expect , but the flavours are good , there is plenty of choices for vegetarians and carnivores ( and there is actually plenty of meat in the curries ) , the mango salad is delicious , and their rice pudding is amazing . the decor is a little tired , but the location is great , the waitress was friendly , food at the buffet replenished regularly . easy choice for a quick and delicious lunch .
0	i used to always love lins but not anymore . hint ... maybe wear a hair net and hair pulled back .
0	everything seemed like it was frozen and heated up for us . i won 't go back , and i don 't recommend you go either .
0	the green curry chicken tastes funny . the pad thai was too sweet . the mixed veggies was too sweet . i still tastes sweet an hour later . there is just no way this is a 4 star ! ! ! i give 1 star for good service .
0	only ordered 4 entrees ( total $ 70 ) . i 'd like to have the option of gratuity for service especially when there is no service during take out . i probably would have left gratuity anyways during the payment process but auto adding for takeout on a relatively small order is just plain robbery and arrogance . the food is expensive for the portions to begin with . i will be avoiding this place simply due to principle .
0	my family and i were lured in by the yelp reviews . fish didn 't taste fresh . it all tasted like something you would buy from the walmart sushi isle at their supermarket . i know walmart doesn 't sell sushi . but if they did they would sell yamas sushi . there are a lot of ayce places better than this . next time we 're in vegas . we are avoiding this restaurant .
0	i called them asking if they had vegetarian food before i bought the groupon . they said yes. my sister order saki , and din 't even take a sip when we asked what we can have that was vegetarian. surprise ! no vegetarian broth or anything vegetarian . than i though i would give the groupon to a friend and decided to leave , the waitress asked me to pay for the saki , we never drank. i asked me to talk to the manager , she said she will be back with the manager , and returns 5 mins later saying no manager on duty .
0	my girlfriend and i have ordered take out numerous times . this last time we both ordered the sesame chicken dinner special with an egg roll . after about 8 hrs we both became violently ill . i have had diagnosed food poisoning before and this was it . my guess would be the egg rolls . again this was an isolated incident , but we will not be eating here again .
0	been here twice , twice got chewy bulgogi that tasted old . grey and chewy and too sweet . sushi is terrible . avoid . if you want sushi , go elsewhere . like anywhere else . if you want korean bbq , go to cafe ga hyang . never again .
0	i ordered the chef special butter chicken with white rice , the portions are small - a bowl of sauce with a few pieces of chicken . the flavours were very average , nothing to rave about . the most frustrating thing is that a $ 16 main dish does not even come with rice , and i only found out when i got the bill , they charged me $ 5 for rice . for a meal that costed $ 30 after tax and tips , i essentially had a bowl of sauce on white rice . simply despicable . never again .
0	everything at wazuzu was frozen and thawed ... uni - they simply didn 't have it , nor mahi ... um guys it is vegas , and it is on your menu . if i remember correctly , this is the wynn , are we not at the pinnacle of indulgence yet ? hamachi - very bland and obviously frozen . ahi - just pitiful , guessing the steaks came from the local walmart frozen section . the final straw ... the salmon made me sick later that night , simply wasn 't good . beautiful setup , great service .... total crap food . do not waste your money or time .
0	average at best , very blend flavours everything tastes the same after the first bite , cash only .
0	average food and bad services , most of the time , korean restaurant has some nicer service but this one is one of the worst .
0	the only positive is that they deliver . when you call on the phone the people who answer make you feel like you are bothering them . not a friendly group . half the time they let the phone ring ring ring . skip this place and fun pizza somewhere else in peters
0	it 's a hit and miss with this restaurant . if you order to go , you will get scammed . me and my colleagues decided to order to go one time and when we opened the food up , we knew we had been scammed. it was 80 % potatoes and rice , 10 % meat and 10 % veggies . very unsatisfying that we had to find something else to eat . i would not recommend eating at the eaton center urban eatery branch to any one as there are much better authentic , honest middle eastern restaurants within the vicinity .
0	owner 's wife seated us , and sat across from our table conversing with friends . ten minutes later , not even a glass of water while she was sitting directly across from us the entire time . hope she enjoyed her chat . epitome of arrogance .
0	rough servers . sitting at the bar , called a server who is just standing to take my order . " you have to wait for the line " when there 's no line ! could have just get me order when he 's doing nothing . ridiculous !
0	we were the only table in the restaurant at 8 : 15 - our server was rushing us out
0	i 'm shocked by the positive reviews and i truly believe they 're misleading . i 'm guessing most of them came from friends and family . the quality of the food doesn 't justify the higher than average price they listed . the menu items were mostly not available when we got there - that was a let down . the lack of service blew my mind - waited 10 + minutes before any of the staff spoke to us and there were only 3 actual paying customers in the cafe at the time . don 't waste your time and money here . there are better restaurants in the area that deserve your business .
0	especially when you consider about its price ... none of the food here is either traditional chinese food nor good taste dishes ! do not come here ! ! ! you can find a lot of much better chinese food in chinatown !
0	i usually pay 50 % less at good restaurants . the waiter was really successful at upselling us appetizers for more than 60 $ alone , while sounding like it 's free . i usually trust waiters , but this incident reminded me to be careful next time . totally unprofessional .
0	finally the food came - food was quite tasty but very greasy. and when we finished we have to ask for three different servers to get our bill . i 'm really not that impressed and will not come back in the future . for that price there are better chinese restaurants who serve better ( and healthier ) chinese food .
0	our food order was incorrect ( and no apology whatsoever ) and when ask for something all you get is " it 's coming " but nothing came . also , try to avoid fried items . all you will see is batter without any meat inside .
0	average food , terrible service - in vegas you can do much better eating in most other places
0	i personally don 't like over cooked duck skin , so i wanted to look at both pieces for a second time , the woman start to scold so loud even people at the supermarkets cashier could hear her . " you are a bad customer and i don 't want you . " will never go back to this place ever again . if you want to be treated with equal respect and freshly cooked food , then you are at the wrong place . found two hidden reviews describing the same thing .
0	there were incidences where servers gave us looks for ordering food . there are better places to be for this price .
0	didn 't really enjoy my visit there ... i rather eat elsewhere for better quality food .
0	i sat at the sushi bar and the chef rarely look my way and it was slow , there was only one other person at the sushi bar ! the chef never asked what i wanted , i had to approach him . personally i will never go here again . food is average and the service is poor . with so many sushi places here in vegas i would recommend eating at another place .
0	nothing special . horrible service . uncomfortable chairs and décor . loud as hell in there . awful . but half price every thursday . i guess for half off its a little more worth it . still a horrible horrible place .
0	also badly managed service kept us at the table for too long . we had to wait for about 40 mins only to get our orders taken and served with water .
0	have to wait for food all the time . food are always missing from orders .
0	the people that cook there are not professional and the meat did not taste real . this is my third attempt to try them out and every time they get my order wrong .
0	apparently the menu changed to chinese cuisine . service was so poor , we decided to leave without even eating .
0	the food was below average . sambhar was super sour and vadas were rock hard . price is also steep for the quality of food . silverware was dirty and when pointed this to the owner , he just ignored .
0	every meat choice was either too sweet or too dry . the cabbage was not chopped , mac salad tasteless . i was going to share my concerns , but nobody was behind the counter . they were laughing in the kitchen . i do not think they were the owners i will not return or recommend .
0	the food isn 't bad . i love pf changs , but for this amount of money , it 's better spent on one of the many unique restaurants in vegas
0	price is extremely high . you have to pay almost 20 $ for just a simple salad . portions are very very small .
0	seafood that only a portuguese peasant would like , seriously over cooked , charred on the grill and low cost selection of fish . the only thing edible were the shrimps which came as the finale . i guess there are folks who will eat cuttlefish , but they certainly didn 't show up friday night . only 3 tables occupied and the other 2 tables really interested in drinking , not serious seafood . they do have a regular menu , and according to the waitress we should concentrate on it .
0	when i go to the frozen seafood and find most of the items are not fully frozen i have to wonder about freshness and food handling . saw a lot of what looked like older " fresh " fish too . cloudy eyes and dark brown gills . gonna take a hard pass on this place .
0	unfortunately , i got the shitty service . i ordered delivery from them but the driver ever came . an hour after i ordered , i called to see if the driver was on his way , and of course i was promised the food was on the way already . another half hour passed by and the food still didn 't come . oh well , that 's what you get for buying chinese food sometimes .
0	they take cash only . rude in manner , automatically stereotyped me for not being able to speak chinese when i spoke to them in english ; i 'm not from a chinese decent .
0	it tasted like they used sweet and sour sauce and are tryung to pass it off as pad thai . tasted one bite and did not want anymore ! the mi goreng was ok but nothing special . i don 't see how anyone can rate above 2 stars here .
0	bad service , awful food . probably the worst in montreal . the waiters are not attentive , and don 't inform you if anything you ordered is unavailable . many items ordered did not arrive at all . the nigiri and maki were overfilled with too much rice and very little fish . cutting corners ?
0	ordered fried rice and discovered that there 's was a piece of meat heavily deep fried with legs and a head . trying to determine if it was a fly ... looks like one . my brother went to the bathroom then came back and he couldn 't eat anything afterward . major upset stomach during the night for the family , also . cranky waiter and waitress , not happy to be there . hence , please avoid going here ! !
0	the food was horrible from brownish not fresh salad down to dry hibachi chicken . and to top it off sushi was worse than local grocery store and double the price ( should have stop with sushi ) please learn from my mistake ! !
0	nothing is fresh . they pre made their rolls and so the rice is really hard especially the spicy salmon roll . the shrimp tempura within the roll is soggy and you know it 's been pre made .
0	pathetic service ..... least interested in serving . street food at chinatown will get u better attention , good food and less price . bill was 96 , i got credit card charge of 111 ...... customer review card that came with the bill was pre filled with all good options ........ will never repeat
0	decided to sample the appetizers and boy was that a mistake . ordered vegetable & chicken egg rolls and they delivered all pork . the teriyaki beef was as tender as shoe leather and just as tasty . don 't get me started on the crab rangoon ! ! ! if you have no other options for places that will deliver i guess order from here but don 't expect to enjoy the experience .
0	should be renamed ickybahn . the people who gave positive reviews have obviously never eaten good asian cuisine .
0	terrible food , service and experience . i had dinner with 5 friends and we all agreed we would never go again . the food is not tasty and i highly doubt it was prepared on the spot . i regret having wasted time and money at la maison vip .
0	ordered for pickup . sat in the restaurant for an hour waiting for a simple order . very slow . when order arrived i went home , opened it up , and found it incorrect . at this point all i wanted was to get a hero burger but the staff at the restaurant claimed they could not provide a refund - i had to talk to a non-present manager . i was able to get a refund for the missing item . i will never return to thai room .
0	avoid at all costs , rude and horrible service food is mediocre at best , and it takes one hour to get to your table , and if you complain they pretty much tell you to shut up , avoid this place at all costs , do yourself a favour and drop by mcdonald 's or something at least you 'll still had your dignity .
0	i did all you can eat and regretted it . their advertising said one price and they charged us more and then apologized but still charged us more. isn 't that illegal . they also charged us for our 2 year old that ate next to nothing . i 'll never come back here . at first they were hospitable but understaffed and totally rude when it came to the end of the meal . i can 't believe people are recommending this place. we all left disgusted
0	the waitress that served us had the personality of a north korean prison guard . the overall service was the poorest i had ever experienced . the food was tasty , but took over 40 minutes to get to us .. we 're talking the soup took 40 min . it 's too bad , the food was fresh and did taste good , but the experience is part of the deal too .
0	treated my wife so bad and the food is below 9 / 10 other quick chinese restaurants . stay away
0	the service is slow and very laid back ! we had basic stuff like mixed vegetables which was bland !
0	sushi chef is the waiter , busser , and chef . extremely small selection for the all you can eat . low quality . i thought the chef was cleaning the refrigerator but when he turned around he had a california roll on his plate . it tasted just okay . kind of on the plain side but what the hell was he doing in the fridge ?
0	the perfect kitchen is far from perfect . these yelpers below me must not have had dim sum before . cheng fun is the worst i had . the skin is like plastic like grocery quality . fried squid is not fried but dipped in oil . cheng fun with donut fritter is not crispy and does not come with sesame sause . tried to cancel a dish but it still came out 15 mins later . we have much better dim sum places in mississauga . not cheap either .
0	this hotpot place is horribly understaffed and undeserving of tips . they even force the service charge on the bill . they lost our order sheet and made us redo it .
0	this place is only trying to rip you off ! i went with my family during the holiday season and all they had on there menu was $ 38.99 menu selection and nothing else . and what you get is plain steak and half of a lobster and disgusting salad . they had a santa claus there that night who was the saddest being ever lived . he never once smiled , even when taking the pictures with the customers . you can tell the owner does not treat there staff well and is only trying to squeeze every dollar out of everyone . avoid this place like the plague and do not go to there affiliated restaurants as well .
0	food is good as are all pei wei 's . customer service and wait time are horrible .
0	worst service ever . and the food , not good . sticky rice not cooked at all . soup , all broth with a few chunks of nasty meat ( i think it was meat ) .
0	bought chicken and pork skewers on monday . husband and my father both got sick several hours after . both high fevers , vomitting , stomach pain , and diarrhea . took hubby to urgent care today , has not gotten better . asked lady that served if the meats were just made . should have took it as a red flag when she shrugged and took a moment to say yes . no long lines . it looked like skewers have been out for a long while and the way they stack it , not all of them would have maintained being heated through . ate at several filipino style buffets but never have heard getting anyone this ridiculously sick . never again .
0	avoid . avoid . do not go here if you aren 't forced to by your boss with the threat of termination and without a package and ui . absolutely atrocious . they can 't seem to get anything right . sorry . correction . their soft drinks are fine .
0	avoid ! avoid ! i just took two bites of the chicken teriyaki , and the rest is going in the trash . not even worth feeding to a stray animal . if i could leave zero stars i would !
0	terrible service . the only good thing i 'll say is the owner didn 't need to be told it was time to give me my money back . skip this place and just go to the print shop in the atrium on bay or aden camera on yonge .
0	there are about a hundred options in the area with better food , prices , and service . not sure if the servers at this place are in a competition to see who can treat customers the worst . like the poster below me , i would also give them a negative star if i could . yuck .
0	these people seem to have a thing for bringing their kids into work , and one of the little bastards tried to drop kick me as i walked in the door . i should 've left then . the place was filthy ; they must have friends in high places that keep them from being shut down . i was in a big hurry because i was on a break from work , so i took a chance and ordered chicken lo mein . it was edible . the young guy working behind the counter was very polite , but that doesn 't make up for the filth , and the attempted drop kick . try springgarden or king fong instead .
0	what is this place japanese ? italian ? do they know who they are ? we ordered seaweed salad - i think my frys has better salad for $ 2 ; my daughter ordered california rolls - very average ; the pad thai was as bland as i have ever had and the calamari was over fried and zero flavor - no wonder they offer sauce . kids liked the cinnamon flavored bread so that accounts for one star .
0	heard terrible things about the drinks here so i decided to go for the food . ordered har gow , shumai , and lotus wrapped rice . it took twenty minutes : the hargow was fine , the shumai was still uncooked , and they ran out of the rice ( after i already paid for it by the way ) . take heed and get outta this place asap
0	especially during lunch . the service is just terrible and i 'm quite certain they forgot my order because i just got soup and side salad to go and it cannot possibly take more than 30 mins to prepare that when i arrived earlier at 11 : 40am . the guy who was behind me got his food 20mins earlier and he did not preorder .
0	expectedly poor service , super crowded , food is meh ( signature lobster dish is ok ) price is good but other chinese places around here provide about the same value and taste just as good . just because this place is new there are throngs of people . don 't be one of these stupid ppl . what 's the fuss about ? crap . i want my money & my limited 2 hours priority seating time back .
0	i came here for summerlicious . the appetizer was nice . however , the main entree which i ordered was just simply a pan fried small cheap salmon filet dumped on a plate which i could make anytime by myself at home . the dessert was supposed to be a sake cheesecake but there was nothing special about the cheesecake . it looks like a cheesecake you buy at a cheap supermarket . i paid $ 36 for a meal that should have cost at most $ 15 . waste of money . the portions were soooo small that i went to mcdonald 's afterwards to fill me up . avoid this place .
0	have ordered from this place twice , both orders have been over £ 40 , both times the delivery was 2 hours late and when we phoned to see what was happening to our order we where told the order was on its way which it really wasn 't if it 's still hasn 't arrived 40 minutes later , so unhappy with this place ! ! ! the communication between the staff is shocking you cant get a clear answer from them . i will never order from this restaurant again . also forgot parts of the order .
0	their deal was lots of rice and paper thin sushi . stale rice and sashimi was left over bits just go to a real place not chinese joint masquerading .
0	if you ever see those white square plates at a korean bbq , it 's fake and owned by a chinese person . it 's not korean food at all . korean grill house franchises are all horrible with bad quality food and service ; the meats should not be watery with sauce or blood everywhere . it 's all quasi korean food and you are better off going to christie-korea town or north york at a smaller korean restaurant that will serve you fresh meats .
0	had the spicy umami miso ramen and crispy chicken . both were horrible ! ramen was cold and tasteless . chicken was more like jerky . do not recommend eating here and i 'm very surprised by the positive reviews .
0	i got duped with the chicken teriyaki that came with miso and salad . added shrimp tempura . salad was drizzled with ketchup ! ketchup ! miso soup did not have tofu in it ! barely any seaweed . teryaki was loaded with sugary sauce with next to no chicken ! the shrimp tempura was just deep fried with white flour batter . paid 30 $ with tax nd tip . avoid this place if you are looking to experience proper japanese cuisine ! i am just thankful for avoiding the sushi at this place !
0	incompetent service ! like they are on drugs ? food was fine when they finally got it to us . the experience was surreal . if you want to nominate for a reality show this place would be it . not sure how they are in business . hmmm did i say don 't go near this place ?
0	i went here for the buffet recently . they hardly had any food and promised to refill . this lie is what made us agree to pay for the buffet . they bring out only a little bit of food at a time . there is tons of food in the back , and the whole restaurant was complaining about the lack of food especially the meat . yet only little bits would trickle out from their pre-made pile in the back . they let you fill up on rice and naan which is well stocked but have to compete with other patrons for the meat . you are better off going elsewhere . we left hungry and frustrated . it 's a trap and a ripoff .
0	the food quality is continuously horrible . my food had mold on it . when i called and asked to speak to a manager no one spoke english . never again .
0	i 'm not sure what their sanitary standards are like but i bought a milk tea and got sick to my stomach and so did my girlfriend . i 'm not sure if this is an isolated incident but it ruined my weekend at my vegas house .
0	the last two times i went there i left after sitting at a table for 20 minutes with no food . sometimes a cart would go by - a different table . no amount of hand waving or imploring looks would do any good . you couldn 't drag me in there kicking and screaming on a weekday again .
0	overpriced , bland meals that fully take advantage of the area 's tourist draw . the pad thai was incredibly average and in one of the smallest portions i 've ever seen . service was slow and other patrons were served before we were . i paid $ 30 for two dishes ( no tip ) and i 'm no less hungry than i was before i arrived .
0	i know , i should have checked the order but we were the only people there , lol , which makes it that much worse ! ! ! ! !
0	and don 't expect a " sorry for your wait . "
0	had the hibachi sesame chicken , my husband had the hibachi steak . first course onion soup was super salty , tasted like it was hot water with beef ramen seasoning . salad was decent enough . veggies served first then meat . bland- nothing special . certainly not worth $ 50 . they also serve this nasty " shrimp sauce " which is basically thousand island dressing . i was worried about the food safety on the hibachi " chef 's " cart . kinda grimey-lookin . worst part was that later that night , both of us got sick from eating there . i 'm talking sick like from the movie bridesmaids . it was bad . spend your money elsewhere .
0	the portions are sub standard . there 's no special flavor at all . the wait time to put an order in is long . they don 't tell you how to pay and you 'd be trapped at your table forever if you don 't scream out to get the attention of their super spaced out staff !
0	loud , randomly chosen music . chicken lettuce wraps - chicken burned , should use newer lettuce . need to pay more attention to food preparation and quality .
0	i asked for sugar / condensed milk or any sweetener. she responded , no sorry. and said next customer ! zero sugar in it. beware. customer service horrendous .
0	what all the other reviews are saying is true ! ! ! they don 't deliver when they are supposed to but still charge you for a delivery you never received , then on hold for hours to try and correct their mistake , then refuse to give you a refund for their mistake ! ! ! ! ! avoid avoid avoid !
0	avoid this location .. employees are slowww and very stingy with the food .. paid $ 9.55 to have the pacific shrimp ... the girl serving gave me mostly vegetables .. you have been warned ..
0	had to wait 30 mins for them to actually make my order . they promised that i would get a free order next time i call in . called in and they said it wasn 't written down . owner lied to my face never going back to this location
0	terrible service and always out of food ! ! there are several other locations very close by ( power-baseline & signal butte and baseline ) . i don 't know why i keep trying this location .
0	overpriced ! ! ! the food tasted like a sample . the waiter was rushing us to order and seemed bothered when we asked questions . again avoid this place
0	apathetic staff acts like they 're doing you a favor . portions are very small , chicken is more gristle than meat , and the scallops tasted like burnt rubber . we threw out $ 30 of inedible food . complete fail .
0	avoid this place as much as you can. we waited for almost 45min to an hour for our food and when we got it it 's pretty much cold .. and i 'm so mad to eat so i just end up just looking at the food and being disappointed .
0	avoid this place at all cost , food is mediocre , service even worse
0	normally i don 't post negative comments but do not waste your money or time at this establishment . terrible meat quality ; limited , blend side dishes . on top of that there 's a mandatory 15 % tip for parties of 5 or less which is unheard of .
0	only need to say one word ... cockroach ! this place is disgusting . i want to give it no stars but you cant ... 4 of us were sitting there and i saw a roach crawl by and then my buddy saw a big one and smashed it on the glass that the fish sits under . gross ! if you want good sushi in vegas without the roaches go to sushi way . never had a bad experience there .
0	awfully slow and rude service , vague and confusing pricing on their specials and regular menu , super underwhelming / bland food , weird decor , etc . the worst was that these shady people charged me a 15 % tip in the bill without saying anything , then when i paid with my card there was a space to leave your tip which i didn 't realize until i left the restaurant . they double dip with the tips and take advantage of people . scumbags .
0	first of all , the parking is an absolute nightmare . not enough spaces . secondly , the hostess is tricky . she tells you that there is not much wait . then she makes you more than a half hour while letting in their regular customers in front of you . looks like you need to be a frequent customer to be respected . finally , the food wasn 't that great for having gone through all that aggravation . price was expensive too . it was a dim sum experience from hell . avoid like the plague !
0	the cashier was all smiles until we showed him our groupon . his demenior then changed and he started to become very angry . he said that we should have shown him the groupon when we first entered the restaurant ( which makes zero sense ) . he then angrily told us that we had to purchase an additoinal food time . he randominaly charged me $ 6 . more importantly , the food was horrible . rude service and bad food ... you have been warned .
0	the sashimi they serve us is one of the worst i ever tried . the place is not even clean . last time i went with my friends , we found out that the table was sticky . they didn 't even bother to clean it , so we end up cleaning the table . also the waitress was kinda rude . they kept forgetting our order . and it always took a long time for them to come to our table . we had to reorder stuffs that didn 't come to us .
0	avoid this place at all cost , they don 't have customer service skills and when you need service it 's like a bother to them i would rather go to jennipoh or pho kim long .
0	we had the worse shaw-long-bau with $ 3 each ( $ 12 for 4 ) . pros : - clean - nice set up - in the caesars palace - friendly staffs cons : - bad food ( not tasty at all ( below average ) - very pricy ( about 300 % than food in china town )
0	called to place an order and the girl that answered made it seem as if i was inconveniencing her . i started the order by ordering pot stickers and was told that these are no longer sold at this store . that is all i needed to hear and called another place .
0	they allow so many to people onto the wait list that it literally becomes a fire hazard for everyone in the lobby as people cannot even make it to the exits . i 'd comment on the food but 1.5 hours later , we gave up after never getting a table .
0	extremely rude staff and entrees are $ 15 with no rice ! place to me is a rip off
0	food tasted stale . i 'm guessing the toppings ( chicken , shrimp ) are simply defrosted and places on the noodles or rice . even the veggies tasted watery .
0	gave it a try and it happened to be the worst dining experience i ever had . rice were overcooked and not edible . good idea but bad execution . we called back to voice our displeasure and the staff did nothing . we ended up throwing away most of the food . such a waste of money .
0	the place looks great but everything else falls short . very expensive ( expected at an airport ) but service is absolutely horrible . their ipad ordering system requires you to pay ( and mandatory tip ! ) first . the staff is more interested in chatting with each other than in serving customers . we had to wipe down our own table . there are no refills on tiny and expensive drinks . the staff doesn 't come back to offer anything else even when paged with their ipad system . the chairs have low backs and aren 't comfortable at all .
0	reasons to go : free wifi , big enough they won 't kick you out . looks are deceiving here- it 's clean and bright and big- but that 's about it .
0	smelly place with below average food . wish there was a better asian restaurant within crocker place .
0	their food isn 't good and their service is really bad . i ordered noodles with roasted pork . the noodles didn 't taste like anything and the pork was salty and cold . they also forgot some of our orders and when they arrived , they were also cold and bland as well . the servers were also rude . they spill your food all over the table and place your dish as far away from you as possible . you 'd be better off spending your money elsewhere .
0	everything that we ordered looked so crappy ... never going back again
0	i ended up rushing to urgent care for anaphylactic shock from cross contamination-assumably from shrimp which i am highly allergic to . my meal consisted of veggie tempura , avocado roll and cucumber roll . there should have been no reason for shrimp , shell fish or any kind of fish what so ever to end up in my meal .
0	food was average and service was mediocre . the old asian host was seen rolling her eyes a few times at patrons which is extremely rude . i would not recommend this place . the service and quality of food has gone downhill from a few years ago . there are several other japanese restaurants in the surrounding area that has better service and food .
0	i had food poisoning after i ate here . i ate nigiri and later fell sick to food poisoning ! food poisoning ! if you don 't know what that is , it 's continuous diarrhea . i had to visit my family doctor . avoid this place !
0	i had severe food poising after eating at this buffet. warning stay away at all costs ! food was room temperature or slightly above , everything tasted two days old. projectile vomiting , diarrhea , shakes , shivers , fever. you name it. avoid spice market buffet ! if you are reading this take it serious , unless you want to have severe food poisoning on an airplane !
0	i have eaten at buffets for a very long time . this place has to be the worst of the worst . i have eaten better food in a third world country in some of the worst conditions ..... and it was better then this . the food is dangerous ..... the health department is going to be paying them a visit . extreamly unsafe ! !
0	this place is naaasty . egg rolls had no flavor and some bright pink stuff that was supposed to be meat . the water tasted of chlorine . there was a hair on my plate . general tso chicken had tendons in it . my wife threw up after we left . do not go to this place .
0	it is authentic chinese trash . if you can avoid this place ( because you 're part of the las vegas tour group from an asian travel agency ) , go to the tgi friday across from it .
0	avoid this place like the plague. how this place was voted best in vegas 2007 is besides me. the spice market managed to f up food i thought was fail proof. the beef tenderloin tasted like it was boiled in water. sushi , dry and hard. crab legs , salty and watery. i lost my appetite one plate in , which was one plate too much .
0	they are so rude and condescending . the food is hit or miss , portions are tiny , and most tastes packaged or canned . the staff are so blatantly rude and they don 't treat you as a paying customer , more like they 're doing you some favour by serving your table . absolutely terrible , stay away unless you enjoy paying to be treated poorly .
0	way too overpriced for the location and service given .
0	new ownership , and the amazing food left with the old owners . update : there is so much more to running a restaurant than making the food . i hope you take my opinion and get help with the business side so you can focus on the great food you are capable of making in the kitchen . best of luck .
0	we order two orders of spring rolls that looked and tasted like they came from the frozen food section of walmart . not only were they awful they were still cold on the inside order bowl of won ton soup that the broth was boiling hot and tasteless . the won ton were over cooked and soggy only saving face is fresh set of customers daily . if this place was off strip it would be closed with food like this the hostess also had an attitude , seems not only she not care she was rude . the other customers sitting around us also were not happy with the food nor service
0	overpriced and tricky restrictions on " all u can eat . " be careful about the hidden fees ! even an eskimo can make better sushi than this " japanese " restaurant !
0	service doesn 't come with a smile if it comes at all . food is ok but not worth the negative atmosphere shining off the staff .
0	sushi was badly made every roll fell apart . bad service very slow got our meal wrong twice . stick with the chinese menu if anything at all .
0	the food was good , but it was the worst service i have had in the last twenty years . the food took 40 minutes to come out , and he brought out only one plate at a time . the waiter completely forgot one of the orders even after we repeatedly asked about it . he also forgot one of the drinks . at the end he tried to overcharge me on the check by more than ten dollars .
0	it 's expensive and you don 't get the food quality for the price they want you to pay .. avoid it ..
0	the meat is not fresh . the beef looks like it has been staying out for weeks with patches of dark spots already appearing on them . vegetables are dry and yellow . service is mediocre and slow . i would give this place a 2 stars but my gf insisted that it deserves a 1 . i 'm used to dirty ghetto hotpots but my gf does not share the same opinion . she wins .
0	the staff was rude , the cashier talked my wife out of what she wanted , what she ended up getting was inedible and they refused to help at all . we will never be back .
0	they are a scam ... they stick obnoxious flyers under the doors of hotels . when they get into trouble , they just change their name and number to something else .
0	took nearly and hour and a half to get food ! the server said that is about standard since they only have 1 sushi chef ! hello its a friday night ! prices were high compared to other local places . quality of food was average at best . server was actually friendly and would do much better if she went somewhere else that had faster plate times . i suggest aki hana right up the road . much better .
0	long service . super overpriced food , tiny portions and service is also very long .. you much better off the kiosks in front
0	very slow and poor service attitude . we ordered a dish that turned out completely different than both the chinese and english description in the menu . we offered a gentle comment to them that they should be more clear with their menu description and i was very clear that we are not asking for a refund or credit or anything . yet the captain took it as great offense and gave us poor attitude for the rest of the lunch . service in general was also very slow . they just don 't have enough serving staff there .
0	waited 30 min for a disgusting looking plate of " stir fry " that was not edible . sent it back because it was so grosssss ! two other people in the place and it took over 30minutes to get one order of disgusting food ... get it together people .
0	we went the other day and it was nothing but a nightmare . when we just walked in the place was steaming hot . the food server wasn 't very good at all . first of all when we arrived at 6pm , they told us they ran out of chicken for the day . it was only a few options left because of their limited menu . beef , beef and more beef non seasoned and had no taste . couldn 't get refills on water ! ! couldn 't get white rice when asked several times . service was just bad , and the place wasn 't even that busy . definitely would never go back ! ! ! !
0	although the restaurant is a 6-minute drive away the food took over an hour long . when i received the food , i call the restaurant because half of my order was missing . the woman who answered was annoyed and stated tje obvious " it 's in a separate bag . " then , silence ... i got annoyed and suggested she should call the driver . she just said ok , i had to ask her to take down my number . absolutely the worst customer service . food was cold and tasted terrible . this business should be shut down .
0	this is probably the worst place you can go to if you expect any type of service . they have an all you can eat menu however they limit how many pieces of food you can order . for example you are only allowed one piece of lamb chop per order ( that 's two bites ) and can only order another one after you have finished eating it . also you should expect to wait 15 to 20 minutes between orders . they seem to do that purposely to make you waste your appetite . absolutely horrible experience ... tried it three times and it was consistently bad ... will never go there again .
0	we were told the food was great and huge portions . we were seated upstairs and our appetizers came relatively quickly . the staff don 't have any regard for customer service . they made us wait over an hour for our entrees and my steak was dry even though i had asked for it to be medium . the waitress working here said that their service is really bad and they had all kinds of excuses when we complained . worst restaurant ever !
0	we just had dinner at this restaurant and the food isn 't spectacular or all that good to begin with . however the worse part was when we were leaving there was a cockroach crawling on the wall behind where we were sitting . so grossed out and will not be eating here again .
0	they almost always get my order wrong , then when i ask for the correct order they give me attitude ! awful customer service . generally i let it slide when they mess up my order . but today when i asked for the correct thing the woman in the window said " you didn 't say plain " with the nastiest attitude . then the woman i think was the manager was staring at me with a dirty look . i told them this happens to me almost every time . they gave me an extremely insincere apology and closed the window . ridiculous !
0	went for dim sum and the front desk manager / waiter barely understood english . sat down after selecting dim sum and she tried to charge me for takeout before dim sum time expired ! the octopus tentacles were very rubbery ! like they fried plastic ! then she started jumping to the music beside my table ! unprofessional and illiterate woman . go to casa imperial or spring villa instead .
0	went for dinner on a week day . staff barely speaks english and act confused . very poor communication between staff . waitress who took orders , was confused so the manager asked us and we confirmed , so the cook made something different . said we wouldn 't be charged for this and not original order ( which was -4 dollars ) obviously , why would i pay more ? anyway after 6 hours got food poisoning and puked it out . chef mixed the seafood and meat with the knife likely .
0	we went there last night and it was terrible . everyone got sick and couldn 't stomach what we ate . the food was obviously left out for some time . in fact , we saw an employee scold another employee for putting out raw sushi that was bad . we will never return here again .
0	we said no . she brought our drink and confirmed again whether we wanted to do all we can eat . we said no again and then she never showed up . we were staving , so i went to talk to the manager once and still nobody came to take our order . we were really pissed so we left . it is busy there , but they have time cleaning tables and letting more people in , just no time to serve people who don 't want all we can eat !
0	i was maybe it was because it was to go . well i am here eating and they gave me empty bowl of lettuce . i asked the girl if she could add a little more and she told me no i am putting in how much i am told . i am just letting you all know they are cutting back on how much they use to give . if you are hungry don 't go here
0	waited 20 minutes to get seated and then waited another forty for our food - which we received four sushi pieces and the waitress told us they were out of the other sushi we ordered . yet the table behind us was getting plenty of sushi delivered to them . the price was was to expensive for what we received and the staff didn 't even apoligize for not coming over sooner to let us know they were out of what we ordered . good thing the company i went with was great to pass the time
0	another bad 1 hour check out . we even saw a roach cross the floor why we were waiting . why do i do this to myself and pay for this every time i come here ? 200 bucks a pop and this is the expectation . wow ! what a waste of money and time .
0	not worth the 24.99 for the " all you can eat " ! they also charge you 10 % service fee for 2 people . i will never go there again !
0	no wonder why their foods so cheap . the workers are rude . who is their hr person ! ? ! ? they 're probably just as stupid .
0	do not go here . totally overhyped and not good at all . we went here based on all of the reviews and were really disappointed . it 's not japanese food or sushi and it 's mostly korean , but their korean food sucks too . the bimbimbap we had was just fried rice . no vegetables and no meat . the japanese udon noodles are pasty and tasteless . the fried chicken with a side of mayo was also a big disappointment . if you enjoy asian food , please listen to me and do not go here . this is just a big gimmick . avoid .
0	i ordered pad thai with hot and sour chicken and it tasted like ketchup on noodles . my girl ordered a papaya salad which came with shredded carrots on top instead of papaya . the lady at the counter insisted the carrots were papaya . ridiculous . the worst vietnamese restaurant experience i 've had in toronto . the food is cheap and even then you still don 't get what you paid for ...
0	the worst vietnamese restaurant experience i 've had in toronto . the food is cheap and even then you still don 't get what you paid for ... i went in to eat for the first time for dinner . my friend and i were disapponted with the pho . we definitely will not be coming back . we don 't recomment this fast food place to any one .
0	used a groupon and we too had to pay in cash . waiter was very slow . i actually had to get up from my table after asking both the waiter and hostess for half and half for our coffee which we originally asked for . took 20 minutes before they even took our order . hostess was rude when we were trying to pay for our bill , she asked us if we had any questions because she said " they had to clean our table for the next sitting . " this is how you treat first time customers ? shame on this local establishment . would never recommend this place to anyone !
0	this is a korean owned japanese restaurant . worst spicy salmon roll i 've had . these were salmon rolls with a squirt of sweet kimchi tasting chilli sauce . it just tasted wrong . rice was cold . bulgogi was dry . salad was wilting . soup was watered down . there was only one other table here at dinner time . i will not come back here .
0	i just waited for an hour to find out they had a glitch with their computer and never made my order even though the online order tracker said it was on its way ... never again ! ! !
0	i came here by myself for dinner and ordered a pad thai and thai tea . their food is fine , you can find similar quality thai food in madison elsewhere . here is the fun part : not a single time the server came to my table and asked about the meal . she gave the check to me when i 'm not even half way done with my meal . the only time that she asked a question to me is when she returned the credit card slip and " reminded " me , this receipt did not include tip , you need to tip me ...
0	no tea , no water , slow service . bad artitude . never ever come here again . waiting on the table for over 20 min with no water or tea .
0	staff was very rude . i had an appointment but still had to wait 2 hours ! they rushed through the pictures . no real backgrounds were offered . just a black sheet & a dirty white sheet . i could have just hung up a sheet in my house & taken better photos with my iphone .
0	we waited for an hour only to be given a cold bibimbap . had to walk out cause we didn 't want to eat other people 's leftovers .
0	i got 3 bahn mi togo and a large soup 22 $ ! awesome food taste good feels good ! gooo ! ! ! ....... nvm this place sux had to chafe my 5 star to 1 star since it took 40 min to make a bahnmi only 2 customers here booooo
0	this used to be a 5 star but i 'm now updating it . they mandate a 15 % tip and it goes to the owner to pay for the staff . they add it in and write it on your check for you . terrible and very illegal !
0	what a scam ! we will not be going back there ! plenty of good sushi places in az ! but to sneak things in to make a few $ ? shady if you ask me !
0	if you want to spend 10years here waiting for sushi this is def . your place !
0	great happy hour menu however , horrible service ! : ( everytime i have been here ( because i am writing this as i wait for my food ) everytime it takes ages for me to get my food and there is always something wrong with my order . the appetizer was brought to me at the end instead of the beginning . bad bad bad restaurant management everytime .
0	worst friend rice i have ever had , it was mush . when your order noodles it just noodles and chicken , veggies are extra
0	a big bug / insect in chicken ! ! ! we reported to the waitress . they said they will talk to manager . the worst thing is the manager came out and say they already throw the food and the food is no problem ! wth is that attitude ? ? ! ! ? ? the manager ask me to find out the insect which he already throw in garbage can . omg and i 'm feeling stomacha right now and going to the hospital . the worst restaurant i 've ever been ! wait , should i call it resurant ?
0	all of the dinners came with the sauce on the side . what the ? ordered the golden wok chicken and the general tao 's chicken . again , sauces on the side ( why ? ! ) and not much flavor anyway . this was definitely the bud light of chinese take out .
0	all products from true foods and restaurant depot ( per the " chef " ) . all bottom of the barrel . all frozen seafood ( again , per chef ) . over breaded and drenched in ponzu to mask the poor quality . if you don 't know your sushi you will leave unimpressed at the least . if you enjoy quality sushi , you will ask for your money back and leave hungry as we did . skip it .
0	after a small wait , we got to the front of the line . the restaurant was about half full , but they told us no more table were available . no problem , the bar is fine . oh - and " we 're also out of menus . " ok . then , the kicker ! they have live beta fish swimming at each table with a floating candle in their tiny pathetic little glass bowls . we left immediately . now , i know someone will write and say " well you 're eating fish - isn 't it the same thing ? " nope , not for me . i 'm just not down with animals for human entertainment .
0	an insult to east asia . no telling how many times the chicken had been re-heated , even the rice was bland . the egg roll was under-cooked , also . i 've lived in asia and i never had a meal this bad .
0	we also ordered a singapore noodle and it was bland could not find any beef pr shrimp it was horrible .... and pricey too ! !
0	greasy and super oily and cheap stuffings that 's super overlooked
0	awful awful awful . the chicken was too sweet , and while it looks like a big sandwich with a lot , it 's a whole lot of nothing . no flavour , stale , tasteless ... and the old guy serving was also pretty rude . why be rude ? no one will come back to visit . i 'd rather go across the street to a real vietnamese banh mi shop .
0	i had a complete lapse of judgment and picked up a meal here . don 't repeat my mistake . the food is low quality , drowning in badly made sauces , and not even close to healthy . chinese can be done well , but this isn 't it . it 's a shame that so many vegetables were wasted in a poor attempt to make these dishes . it 's not a buffet -- it 's counter where you point and they scoop . there are around five entrees , rice and noodles . you can sit down in a sticky booth or just take your styrofoam container with you .
0	food without flavor , a menu without imagination and a staff of such profound indifference it 's hard to tell they 're even there .
0	what a disappointment this restaurant was from the service to the unbearable dj . sounds of a haunted house , docking ship and chimes pierced our ears while trying to enjoy an xmas dinner . a deliciously anticipated pre fixed dinner turned into a rushed buffett with all but dessert being served family style at one time . even after speaking with the manager nothing improved ! oh thanks for taking off that extra asparagus we ordered lol . dying to get out of this place and will not return .
0	bland is the nicest word to use to describe the food . atrocious would actually be more appropriate . i like to give any place the benefit of the doubt , but i 'll never step foot in here again . highly recommend panda express over this " food "
0	just tried to have lunch from this place and am regretting . used to be good , their lemon chicken was the best . now i don 't know what has happened . the side of rice noodles used to be great , now they pretend angel hair pasta is made from rice ... no , it 's just pasta . each time i tried to eat a piece of the fusion chicken i had to spit it out , super stringy and fatty . disgusting . don 't eat here it is terrible .
0	you 'd think that a restaurant at southpark mall would be a little better . terrible , slow service weather you 're at the bar rail or a table . food is not that great , i ordered burger sliders that came out so rare they were basically bleeding out on the plate i ate half of one and feel nauseous now . way to overpriced . save your money and go somewhere else . i really wanna like this place but it has disappointed me too many times .
0	lots of choice but crappy food . service was also pretty bad .
0	bad service ! bad food ! bad attitude from the waitress . run from this place !
0	awful experience . i 've had pho plenty of times and here , they think that you don 't know the difference between full slices of rare beef and the fatty tissue and tendon , usually discarded . this was not a pleasant experience . they try their best to pull one over on you . not ok . i 'd check out other places in the area , i 've had many good experiences at other local pho .
0	really bad service . we went at 9 45 and they said as or last call is at 10 we won 't take ur order as you might not enjoy the food . this is the manager of the place . when i ordered normal food they were out of veggies and i ended up getting a whole lot of broccoli and chicken . thai green curry was like re heated food . bad service bad food . so if i r looking for a spring rolls there are many in toronto just avoid this its just bad .
0	they slam the food on your table and they include 15 % tip on your lunch bill even though there 's 4 or less in your party . i found plastic on my sweet and sour soup and the waiter claims it was from the bamboo shoots , who 's he kiddin ! i also remember when we went for a family dinner , the waiter had the nerve to ask for his tip because he was headed home . really the worst ! i 'm done with this place and never eating here again . this place makes all the other sam woo chains look bad .
0	bar wings were inedible , the beef was inedible , the seared tuna was gray and disgusting , and the rolls were boring . sixty dollars later , and my daughter and i left most of the food on our plate . server was indifferent .
0	bathroom smelled terrible , no soap or towels , and when i alerted our server to this he told me to use the one upstairs . never mind that i just watched one of the cooks leave the same bathroom where he couldn 't possibly have washed his hands . the service was lazy and the tofu and vegetables that we ordered were soaked in oil and flavorless . the rice tasted like it was cooked in weird butter . there are so many better asian places on state street , this place was worse than the chin 's it replaced .
0	soup was absolutely disgusting . spring rolls were bland and flavorless . my meal along with my girlfriend 's meal were totally bland and flavorless . absolutely disgusting and repulsive . we were starving , ate almost none of our food , and threw it all out . completely lost our appetites . never again . way better options all around lakewood like banana blossom . avoid this place .
0	there are so many better places around south charlotte than this sad excuse of a restaurant . the food is tasteless , service is crappy , restaurant is dirty . please do yourself a favor and skip .
0	food was overall bad , staff was not nice , our order was wrong and we 've also been overcharged for a dish . when we told them they didn 't even apologize . an experience to forget . spadina avenue 's worst nightmare .
0	i will go local for sure .. pretty sad ..
0	insect issues at our table and rude staff . always and issue here even with take out orders . the lady that 's the night manager is extremely rude and unapologetic about her staff when notified . we have even been turned away when it was a quarter til closing by her . do not patronize this establishment . they treat customers poorly here .
0	they were so rude i had to walk out . didn 't seem very interested in serving me at all . i felt like i was bothering them .
0	waited 20 plus minutes , they had multiple people with my name on their list ( i was before the first person ) . they called my name and a party of 2 sat in my place ( i 'm a party of 5 ) and no apology . in fact the , the guy said . i did just sit katie . see it 's crossed off . no kidding i see that . thanks for ruining my night with my family ! a simple apology goes a long way people . if you can 't seem to check a list throughly then maybe you shouldn 't be allowed to sit people . 2 is a smaller number than 5 .
0	when i tried to call the restaurant to let them know their driver dropped off the wrong order to me i was deliberately hung up on at least 5 times by a woman working there . i spent 45 minutes just trying to get a hold of someone who could fix this problem . finally , 2 hours after the " promised delivery time " they answered their phone and the delivery came but there was food missing from my order ... on top of everything i automatically added a $ 10 tip when i placed my order , what a waste . i won 't be eating here again . too bad because i was a frequent customer and really enjoyed the food ...
0	will not return . they forgot to put rice in our take out order and one of my friends found a piece of paper cooked in with her steak . not worth the price for the poor service .
0	i waited 1 1 / 2 hour for my delivery of two lunches . i cancelled the order and will never patronize this business .
0	don 't waste your time , money , energy , breath or anything on this place . i have never had such bad service and such mediocre food . the only saving grace was the 50 % discount they gave us at the end to try to make up for it . in all honesty it wasn 't even worth the 50 % we paid . in all honesty that place isn 't even worth the energy to write this bad review .
0	average food and service does not make up for one of the worse dining experiences of my life . beware if you expect to spend more than an hour eating . they 'll ask you to leave . they don 't need to worry - we 'll never return .
0	food is ok . i 'd rather have panda express over this place any day . absolutely rude service and they have a 7 year old running the cash register . too many other options around to settle on this dirty place .
0	food takes forever and doesn 't come at the same time . they are more concerned about getting take out food on time . i won 't return .
0	had a table for 3 people and placed our orders at one time . the meal was not delivered together . each person had to wait 10 minutes apart to get served . the blonde waitress yelled at us 3 separate times for asking that our food be delivered together so we could eat as a group . soups were thin and over salted , tasted like campbells soup . a customer dropped fruit on the floor and the waitress did not bother to pick it up . someone could have slipped on the floor . if you like to be entertained by a waitress that yells at the customer this is the place for you , it reminded me of the soup nazi on seinfeld .
0	we were excited to dine here , but were extremely dissapointed . the waiter was rude , and not attentive . the food didn 't taste like anything ; you could taste the mayo on the prawn , so much so that you had to scrape the crust off . overall , this restaurant was garbage and if i had paid for the meal i would have been furious . i happened to have a second complementary dinner to jade , and did not use this as i was so disgusted with my experience .
0	ordered food for delivery and it was 1.5hr late and when i called they were non-chalant & unapologetic . i cancelled . in a city like montreal with so many restaurants this awful service has no place .
0	service was bad . the server was so disinterested and didn 't even ask if we wanted a box for the half a plate of leftover food . which we wouldn 't have because the chicken was not good . restaurant was not clean . the bottles of sauces on the tables were sticky with sauce running down them . all of this cost us over $ 40 for lunch . save your money and go to hunan coventry .
0	the servers are rude . food average at best . simply horrible experience . one server in fact asked me to leave the table as i had already ordered at the bar . and then , as i was waiting for my food at the bar she asked me to stand at the entrance by the door as she needed more space . and all this as if she is doing me a favor serving the food , when i have paid for it . lost 20 dollars , i say . never ever again .
0	went there for lunch , place wasn 't busy at all . took them forever to get our food and when we got it it was cold . all there dishes are seasoned the same way the only difference is that is the sauce that they put on top . very bad flavor not to mention the taste of the old oil that 's probably haven 't been changed in a while . save your money and go somewhere else
0	never in all the years has that been told to us ... like saying you have to pay extra for sauce on a plate of spaghetti ... out of pure principle ( and insulting my intelligence ) i cancelled our order that would have been late even if i would have been an idiot and paid extra for red peppers ... i just don 't get places like this .. do they not realize the american restaurants are built on customer satisfaction , good food , word of mouth and referral 's / repeat business ... for probably about 25 cents worth of red peppers ( their cost ) they lost almost an $ 80 delivery order ... penny wise and pound foolish ....
0	over priced garbage . the server was rude . don 't waist your time going there
0	server gave us the wrong drink order to start . we ordered three rolls for dinner and a starter . well the rolls were dropped off , the starter didn 't come until half an hour later . we were never given plates or utensils and after 20 minutes of sitting there with food and no utensils we had to get up and grab them off another table . the rice on the sushi was awful and over cooked ! and to top off an awful dinner . the server did not wash his hands after going to the bathroom . how we know- their sinks are oddly outside the bathroom . if you 've been there you know what i mean .
0	dont waste your time . me and my family came in here to visit the restaurant and we felt so uncomftorable . owner of the place walked around as a king thinking he owned entire cleveland . tomo sounds like nomo . dont bother . on top of it over priced for something that you could even get at regular carry out place .
0	awful food awful servers not dressed up in a pin up way at all literally nowhere to sit and eat
0	awful food .. bad experience .. veg pakora were burnt and not cooked ... then the manager did not want to credit ...
0	food comes super quick but each item was a disappointment . ever wondered how to mess up edimame ? make it limp and grey and don 't bother to salt it . asparagus with grilled pork ? make that asparagus wrapped in a circle of gelatinous almost uncooked bacon . awful ! i could go on but there were 5 awful items that followed . and terrible value , at $ 28 plus tip for dinner including a sprite . i will never ever ever return .
0	i am sushi connoisseur and realized right off the bat that their sushi is barely even sushi grade sushi . no vibrant colors in their sushi , it 's like it 's weeks old . i tried ordering sesame chicken ( nobody should mess up sesame chicken as a pad thai restaurant ) .. overly breaded , unknown stringy meat that may have been deer roadkill just like that restaurant in north carolina . i 've given pad thai 4 chances , which i normally don 't do , they failed every single time at serving me a satisfying meal .
0	the bits that did exist were not breast and very chewy . service was also woeful , left us alone for ages until we started putting on our coats to leave and had to go to the counter to get my change . they don 't accept credit cards either but don 't bother to put up a sign .
0	food is gross , you do not know what you are eating . it is not good at all .
0	" potato salad on the salad bar tasted rancid , sweet and sour sauce tasted like heated cherry koolaid . chicken for sweet and sour chicken was dry and tough . spring rolls had horrible flavor and were very greasy . paid $ 58 for a family of 5 huge huge waste of money .
0	only one dish was edible and the selection was not good . staff we rude and plates were dirty . please do not waste your hard earned money here .
0	ordered mongolian beef was all onion .. when i called to complain i was told .. sorry thats how we serve it .. waste of $ 20
0	shared mongolian beef with wife . cheapest cut of meat i have ever had . chewed like a rubber tire . for $ 24 they really failed miserably and then added insult to injury with a portion of rice that was in a mini bowl the size of a cup . shame shame to the tightwad owners
0	they use minute rice . over-priced . food is terrible . will never order from here again ! ! ! not authentic chinese food . blagth ! ! ! ! !
0	awful , food was not good , people with me got sick and will not go there again .
0	food was so salty that i could not finish it and i was so hungry ! spring rolls were tasteless . place is reasonably clean if you don 't mind bits of leftover food from the last diners under your feet ... won 't be back . i love pho ! so sad !
0	waste of money . it 's frozen and they fry it up . i had to return my kids meal because the chicken was fried to oblivion . don 't waste your time , money and appetite .
0	worst rib tips i 've ever had , and it wasn 't particularly close . i still ate them because i really like tips , but i did not finish the slaw , which had a peculiar smell to it . not sure why this is a place that exists .
0	the fish tasted like bleach , the black bean chicken was bland , the other main course dishes were not edible and three of us left with stomach pain . i hear they 're good for dim sum but stay away for dinner
0	asked for eggplant basil zero heat , it came back spicy with 2 leaves of basil ! one dead a week ago ! never again
0	super greasy and tasted a bit bitter as well . the batter was falling off of the chicken and the meat lacked flavors . only ordered because it was cheap and they delivered but probably would not order again . did not like their fried chicken , nope , na-ah .
0	but its awful not 2 mention the fact that they don 't have fried rice .... i paid $ 5 for a half of a half glass of wine ! ! who taught these people how to measure out a glass of wine .
0	got the pad thai and cold rolls. cold rolls were ok but not great. pad thai was flavorless and disgusting. noodles were bright orange ... ?
0	quite possibly the worst service ever experienced . if i could give this place 0 stars i would gladly do so . sam woo used to be good , but their pathetic excuse for service has carried over and left a bad taste in my mouth . way overpriced , will never return , you couldn 't pay me to !
0	if i could give negative stars i would . the chicken in my bowl was raw and slimy or pink . i called to let them know they were serving raw chicken and the manager told me she could refund my money , but i would have to come back in for a refund . it could be reversed to my card witt my receipt number . horrible customer service . cold food . i will never return . hopefully i 'm not sick all night from the few pieces i didn 't spit out before i threw the whole thing away .
0	they will treat you like a second class citizen . didn 't even get a side plate like the rest of my party . soooo hungry ! ! don 't come here if you are veg ! ! !
0	place is just strange ! there are much better asian places around !
0	i ordered satay wings , crab ragoon and green curry with beef . the wings were soggy . the crab ragoon tasted like store bought vegetable cream cheese with string carrots mixed in . the worst green curry , the beef was weird . i never find it funny when i hear ppl joke about cat meat but i 'm telling you i 've had beef from many restaurants throughout the years-that was not beef . disgusting .
0	i ordered takeout , and when i showed up a half hour later as they said to , they hadn 't even processed the order . the person i talked to was unapologetic and acted like it shouldn 't be a big deal for me to put in my order again and wait another half hour . this was my first experience here , and i 'll never return .
0	i really wanted ramen so we gambled even though others have given it poor reviews . it was practically inedible . i have suspicions that the meat was not , in fact , beef . there was a hard bone or something in the pork soup dumplings . the pork belly sliders were dry and contained what i would compare to a thin slice of deli ham . the quality was so sketchy that i even felt weird about drinking the bubble tea .
0	i should have realized when i walked past a table with 2 dogs with only 1 bite in them .
0	they have been through ownership changes a lot and it just keeps getting worse . after my delivery order came an hour and a half later , i was treated to a dynamite roll that was devoid of shrimp tempura and crammed with avocado . i should have just ordered an avocado role to be honest . the spicy chicken appetizer ? yeah if you like chewing on rubber with some sauce splashed on it sparingly . how do you get skimpy with the spicy sauce ? ? just don 't go there . go down the street to sashimi island if you must . or learn to make sushi and just make it at home . probably better than eating this garbage .
0	it may be cheap and fast , but that is exactly what you get . fried rice tastes like dirt . chicken lo mein had no flavor and the consistency of a bowl of snot . and everything else we got was just utterly disappointing with little to no flavor . don 't waste your money . you are better off getting a bag of frozen chinese food from the grocery store and eating it cold . worst chinese food ever ! ! !
0	if you had authentic pad thai you can definitely tell the difference . beef was very tough and the taste was bland . sorry to say but this place will eventually close down soon . only good thing was the staff was very friendly .
0	i used to go here as an undergrad and recently paid them a visit . i was going to krannert for a play and was running a bit late for a full fledge sit down restaurant , and i thought basil thai would be a fair compromise given their proximity and relatively quick serve . i ordered their massaman curry and it was just plain awful . the rice was cooked too long and was on it way to becoming congee . the curry itself was tasteless , way too salty , and over spiced to the point of being bitter . the pork was over cooked . i took about two bites and tossed the entire thing . complete waste of like $ 9 .
0	i 've been 3xs each time i said i 'll never be back . but i can promise this time i will not be back . first of all the place is sooo dirty . tables are always dirty , floor and worst of all the dishes . my wine glass had lipstick on it . this last time my salmon was warm in my philly roll . they didn 't even offer to take it off my bill even tho i couldn 't eat it . i just paid and will never go back ! ! it 's wayyy over priced too . stay away ! ! ! !
0	i went this past friday to try out the new location . there was no one there to great us and no one was taking peoples names . we had to line up in the doorway where there was no air conditioning as well . i left after 30 minutes because no one was being seated and there was no one to ask any questions to . i called the restaurant after i left to complain and the person on the phone told me that they were too busy to talk to me ! i would expect more from a restaurant that has been in business in the valley for so long . i 'd avoid this place until they get their act in gear .
0	the food was really salty and tapas were soggy and not fresh . i complained about the food and unfortunately the owner took it personally . she came out and yelled at us for not enjoying the food . we still don 't really know why , but rather than over analyzing it , a better solution is to not return and to warn others who are considering a visit . there are many great restaurants nearby that are worth a venture ; no need to settle on this one .
0	food was soooo mediocre . no table service and the machine was out of iced tea and ice ! they brought us ice in a cup from the back . this was their grand opening no less ! i will not be back ! there are so many chinese restaurants nearby with good food and decent table service . this place is a joke !
0	won 't be coming back again . the employees inside does not know what they 're doing . came here on a weekday and there was one table inside and completely dead . including my table , 2 tables in the restaurant at 7 pm at night ! after coming here i can see why . poor service . restaurant is very unsanitary and gross . the entrance of the restaurant had spider webs and looks like no one bothered to clean since it opened . the food looked nothing like the photo . the taste was a disappointment ! !
0	i placed an online order and it was going to take 95 minutes , i called to confirm and they said they had only one delivery driver working ! they did not offer any type of compensation for future order , i will never order again . dominoes and pizza hut are far better options ! wayne gorsek
0	maybe if you are used to buying the discount meat at the store this would be an upgrade but our filet cuts were so tough that i couldn 't even finish mine . i ended up giving it to the dogs , i feel so taken advantage off . they should not say this is premium meat because it isn 't . i was also told we could get a refund , not the case , they will just exchange it for another round of tough meat . don 't get taken advantage of , just say no , for this price you can get much better meat at the grocery store .
0	never again ! ! ! ! ! i had like 4piece of sushi and 1roll but they only give 2small piece of ginger ! food was super expensive but atmosphere is nice and server ben is knowledgeable
0	never received my food even though they 're claiming i did and refused to do anything about it
0	i am giving them one star out of sheer awe that they have managed to stay open this long . i am shocked at the positive reviews and can only surmise that the owners have lots of family and friends or there are a lot of folks in this area who just don 't know any better .
0	ordered a $ 12 soup . chicken curry . not only was it overpriced for its size , it was slammed full of bay leaves , overpacked with mushrooms , and literal sticks all through out my soup . first and last experience here . i will not return .
0	ordered a vegetarian dish , that says " curry vegetables . " i got boiled cauliflower and broccoli on bed of overlooked white rice , no curry , no spice at all . which asian restaurant serves bland food ? i have no idea how this restaurant got great reviews . i would go to bac in tremont or saigaon on east 4th . my buddy had an average experience , he added ton of sriracha as well . if you are a meat / potato guy and never tried asian food before , this for you . if you are well travelled and enjoy deep flavors / texture , stay away from this place .
0	ordered to go as i have for several months . to night there was a mistake . ordered and paid for a large item and received a small container . i just called and was told by the " manager " maggie that she felt it was plenty even as i explained i was in as early as last week and ordered the same exact meal and it was in a different sized container she fought me on the subject . can 't believe the experience . after so many good ones i will never return . great service maggie . i said i would hate to go elsewhere and she responded you are welcome to go elsewhere . wow
0	our lo mein and spring rolls smelled and tasted awful . i literally spate out the first taste of the spring roll , it was so awful . i would never , ever order from them again .
0	don 't believe the other reviews ! i have eaten at many pho places and this one is probably the worst . i ordered the pho tai bo vien and the soup had almost no flavor to it . we also had the spring rolls which were disappointing as well . the peanut sauce had very little flavor and the rolls itself were mediocre . definitely not a place i will be coming back to .
0	food was cold and service was terrible . it seemed they just took food from the freezer and put it in the microwave . the prices are also terrible . $ 4 for two crappy eggs and $ 9 for avocado benedict and the avocado seemed like it had been sitting out for weeks . when i asked for a refill of hot water , the waitress filled my cup only 1 / 4 and said " that 's fine . " on a another note , the waitress tried to steal my friends phone and racially profiled my friend tsa style . i will never come back to this horrible restaurant .
0	idk wat happened . it use to b good but the food was gross and they take forever to bring it out . orange chicken was like crunchy chicken nuggets in some super watery sauce . never again .
0	i feel bad giving 1 star but the fact we just spent $ 100 for food that was ice cold and poor quality ! we ordered spring rolls twice each time came back with ice inside . my husband order shrimp and steak and it was disgusting . the steak looked like the kind you would have with your eggs in the morning , very thin and rubbery . i was so upset i went to talk to the manager to wait 10 minutes ( place was not busy ) yet i gave up because i realized the negativity wasn 't worth the wait . despite the awful food the server was great ! '
0	there 's another one of camelback that i will drive to from now on to avoid this place !
0	read the reviews and thought this would be a good place to try korean food for the first time . not only was the food awful , i had to hurry home because i became very sick , and cramping up . the worst part was the price . their website says lunch is $ 18 . come to find out , it is only $ 18 during the week . saturdays is $ 28 for lunch . i won 't be back , or recommend .
0	the server helen tried to talk me out of ordering the daily special because i wasn 't chinese enough to appreciate it ( bigotry from a food server , really ? ) and then one of our meals never came until we reminded her twice . by the time it came everyone else was done eating . the food was okay , nothing particularly good , and thus seriously overpriced . i can 't believe the management of caesar 's palace let 's a place like this set up shop on their premises .
0	rice was hard and dry . their food bins were almost all empty - all so unappetizing looking . the staff didn 't know much about what the different options were . and - it was just average tasting . with so many great options nearby , i have no idea why anyone would go . for awesome indian , i 'd walk a bit further to indian flame .
0	they act like they don 't want you there . expensive , low quality food . i would give them zero stars if that was an option . avoid this place .
0	used to be good but went downhill quick after they raised the prices .
0	a small group of us stopped by for a quick bite of their oysters and scallops before heading to another hotel . everything was incredibly salty and had a fishy after taste . it made us think they over-salted everything to mask the poor quality and freshness of the seafood . the waiters proceeded to say the saltiness was from the ocean , but c 'mon salty to the point it made your face pucker ? ? they ended up comping us on the inedible items , which was nice ... but definitely won 't be coming back .
0	took them ages at the counter . when we got the food it had no taste and portions were small . i have been to many other branches this is by far the worst
0	we had an open table reservation and upon arrival asked for a booth . the hostess refused to seat us in it , yet no one sat in it the entire time we dined . the dishes were filthy with caked on old food . the interior is filthy and worn , in serious need of updating . the seafood tasted fishy and old . yuck . with so many fabulous dining options in vegas i would avoid .
0	the female blonde bartender took forever to acknowledge us ( monday night and extremely slow ) , and when she finally did , she was rude and came across and really disliking her job . she suggested the lobster app and it was terrible ... couldn 't even find the " lobster " as it was buried underneath so much raw onion and sauce . walk across to kierland and go to ra . don 't waste your money or time .
0	they even charge extra for left over and was told " any food you left over it must charge extra 6 dollars compare to the regular price of dishes . " be careful when ordering people ! ! ! it 's a place that i def won 't go for the second time ! !
0	below average for chinese cuisine . plenty of choices in the area . this is a waste of money and time .
0	brought me my check before i received any food .
0	food was overpriced and mediocre . my white rice was mushy and did not have any texture and the fried rice ? it came out cold and dried like it 's been sitting around for a while . my waitress never came by to check how we were doing , she only came by to say " i 'm so tired ! " definitely will not be returning .
0	i was truly disgusted . i never had such a rude food service experience. tried her best to get rid of us before even getting seated. after telling us it would be a 45 min wait she shut the door in my face. seated people ahead of us who waited in line behind us. spilt our drinks on our table and just left the mess there. left our food on the counter for 10 mins before serving it to us. truly awful experience. plus $ 20 ( no tip ) for smootie , 2eggs , 2bacon , 2waffles and a few beans. but the food was good. it was prob excellent if it wasn 't sitting for 10mins .
0	had to ask for a waiter after 15 minutes of waiting . had to ask for utensils . had to remind waiter of drink request . had to go inside and ask another waiter to find our waiter and get the check . the place was desolate , fyi . won 't go back .
0	they try not to make eye contact . food isn 't that great , for a cantonese restaurant it 's not really that great quality . been here twice and . don 't think i would try for a 3rd .
0	awful service .. i don 't recomend this place if you are going to stop by at 7 : 30 when they close at 8 : 00pm .. i stopped by with 8 people and entered because it was clearly open and they said they were already close and could not do anything about it ... the staff didn 't even bother looking us in the eye .. careless and irresponsible service !
0	i took my mom to this place recently . we were seated promptly and that was the only prompt service we received after that . a server never came to greet us or take our order . after about 15 min or so i approached the host who seated us if the waiter could please come by our table to take our order and we waited and waited .... we eventually just left . never again will i be back .
0	last time i went there , there were 3 cars in line and it took 15 minutes . when we got home with our food we didn 't get soy sauce and there was a huge hair in my food . never going back here ... what a shame
0	even when they brought our order , it was missing tons of stuff . will never visit again .
0	not worth the hassle- called to check on our delivery order after 90 minutes and she says " oh yes we just got that in ... " i said " but it 's been 90 minutes ... can we cancel .... " she says " order is on its way ! " and hung up on me : /
0	i think this restaurant is run by cheaply and cant admit when they are wrong.not coming back here .i suggest you stay far away from this nasty place ...
0	rude hostess . rude waitress . if you want to clear your dining room out by 10 , dont seat people at 9 : 30 . i 'll never return . there are way too many great thai options who want to serve customers .
0	server who basically ignored us to chat with friend behind the sushi bar about trying to get laid .
0	adrian the server was the reason for 1 star , really gave us hard time trying to enjoy this place . no more words . no good . never will come again .
0	stopped in for our first time since moving out here . ( it 's 15 min away ) . forgot the sauce for my meal . i asked for both my girlfriend and i to have our meals remade because we had to go back and hers would be cold . remade mine and not hers and simply stated we cannot do that for her . piss off i hope you go out of business !
0	the sign says they close at 9 , we got there at 8 : 25 and the girl that greater us said we close at 9 . ok ? then came over and was super rude at our table . another couple walked in at 8 : 37 and she said " were closed . " " we close the kitchen at 8 : 45 . " the couple didn 't look happy . food was ok , service was terrible . i will never be back . i will spend my money were its appreciated .
0	they gave my food to the worng person couldnt even tell me , they just kept me waiting . very rude , unprofessional. horrible . i wouldnt even give them one star , but in order to post this i have to .
0	the young waitress with braces was absolutely rude . the service used to be great . i would advise not eating here . mr. thai bistro has way better service . will be eating there from now on .
0	they pretty much just toss the menu to you and leave for the following 20 minutes . don 't take your significant other here for a date or anything important . my valentines day was basically ruined , which is why i 'm spending time warning you guys . also , their soups are disgusting.this is what you call " tamato egg drop soup " ? ... seriously ! ? more like fried egg , hideous spinach , and salty water .
0	it would be good if our hostess just informed us that some of the rolls ordered weren 't available instead if making us wait with blank stares . the rolls are drenched in sauce that 's not flattering to the palate at all . though its been a while since i was last here , it seems that they 've lost their edge & not conscious of the fact that we 're here whilst everyone else in the restaurant is being served promptly . very very upsetting .
0	came here with the family to have good time and good food but seriously disappointed . just simply awful
0	took the lady over ten minutes to take our order of one angelina special . quoted us $ 21 something for a medium pizza and said it would be 45 minutes to and hour for delivery . after waiting for over an hour and a half we called and asked where our pizza was , they told us it would be 5 minutes . 40 minutes later we call and speak to 3 people finishing with " kari " she never apologized , never offered compensation , nothing ! we will never give this place another order . want to waste your time ? go here . food quality is horrible , i 've heard , and the place is extremely dirty .
0	really unprofessional . never coming back or ordering from there again . would give 0 stars if i could .
0	more than half the things i ordered never came , do not recommend coming here with more than 2 people unless you want to wait 40 minutes for your food
0	service was awful . nobody asked us for water . no condiments . no utensils . the food is bland . we had the chow fun , kung pao shrimp , buddhist feast mixed vegetables and seav mai . all bland . i think their xiaolongbao ( steamed dumplings ) was raw . their only good thing was their pastries and eggplant hot pot . do not recommend
0	after i decided to ask the hostess she pointed us to a table of four that had been available the whole time we were there . we sat down and no one came in the first couple of minutes so we just decided to leave . terrible .
0	we came in at exactly 11am and were the only customers in the restaurant . we got our menus and drinks quickly ( within a minute ) but the waiter didn 't come back until 11 : 15 to get our order , again we were the only people there ! but there were 3 employees up at the counter . food is average . we will probably not be coming back due to the awful service .
0	went here around 3 pm on a weekday , wasn 't busy at all with maybe 15 % of the tables being used . was sat down quickly and given a drinks menu but not a food menu . i waited 5 minutes while employee after employee walked by , doing other things . even met eyes with some of them . nobody offered me a drink or a menu . ok , fuck you then . i won 't be going back .
0	weren 't given drinks , soup , or salad until after the hibachi was ready . i don 't know what 's happened to this place but we won 't be back .
0	we took a large party of 12 on a tuesday afternoon . the staff was disorganized . our waitress left for the day so all our orders were not given to us . the other waiters took them to their tables ! we waited 1.5 hours for our food while large parties around us ate and had left .
0	always some kind of issues with orders coming out wrong or taking forever to actually come out . really popular place for high schoolers , so always tend to be very loud , noisy and crowded . price is decent and the variety of drinks / options is quite good .
0	so expensive and not enough for 3 people . the conveyor belt is so useless . all it does is spin around the belt over and over again . it doesn 't have any selection in it . it is also over priced for bite sized portions . the chinese pancake was disgusting . it literally tasted like the ones you get in the frozen aisle at 168 . that was over priced too . for one of those frozen , store bought ones , it was $ 5 . do not go here .
0	awful , soft boiled egg became salty hard boiled egg , japanese style cha chu became chinese style pork belly , bubble tea already asked for light sugar but still very sweet , pork bone soup very salty , highly " not " recommend , and pricey too .
0	some of the worst sushi i have ever had . maybe the happy hour menu is full of leftover sushi from the night before , but i 'd rather eat grocery store sushi . mushy and unappetizing . thank goodness i didn 't pay for the same items at $ 20 each . $ 50 i wasted at happy hour here . never again . worst sushi experience by far . save your money and go somewhere else . yuck !
0	staff was incredibly slow and incompetent . i had to repeat my order to the same girl 4 separate times . teriyaki and orange chicken . each time she just stared off into space for several seconds and then said " what was that . " definitely stoned . i hope ? food was average panda , just a little extra soggy and cold . they couldn 't manage to cut the teriyaki chicken so i had giant pieces to try to manage without breaking my plastic fork . don 't do it . just get chick fil a or something .
0	sushi came out really fast and was exceedingly so-so . then , we waited . and waited . and waited for the rest of our order . about 30 minutes later , we had to ask for the manager , who said : " if you can 't wait for your food , you can leave . " we left , never going back . suggest you go elsewhere too to a avoid what we experienced . seriously , the worst .
0	everything is just tempura filling . very little fish . got most of our order wrong . would never eat here again .
0	not friendly at all . the waitress had such a bad attitude . never again . not even for free ! ! ! ! ! !
0	wouldn 't wish my worst enemy to go here . was slimey and old . yuck yuck yuck
0	after looking at a menu they give you a pad and ask you to write down what you want . got annoyed when we asked questions . chicken with pecans was so goopy i was disgusted . chicken was covered in fat . ate a quarter of it and left it . no taste to it at all covered it in mustard just to get it down . very disappointed
0	we waited 2 hours for an order and after it never showed up asked for a refund . manager rudely hung up on us after weaving very obvious lies and refused to refund us for our ( overpriced ) meal .
0	terrible example of hibachi . the food by no means is fresh . wouldn 't suggest this to my worst enemy . if you want to get sick this is your place . i wish i could give them 0 stars .
0	the dining area is filthy and the food is over-fried and tasteless .
0	the lady needs to slow it down she didn 't even let me talk she kept talking over me . then when i started to eat the food was cold .. ridiculous .. i 'm never coming here again ...
0	the only thing worse than the service is the food . overpriced bland food served by staff who would rather shoot the breeze with each other than actually wait tables . because of the poor service , i left a small tip ( i probably should have given nothing ) and believe it or not , when i checked my credit card statement i noticed that the amount had been changed . i called the restaurant and after investigating , they confirmed that the waiter had actually crossed out the amount of the tip and written in another amount ! blatant theft and credit card fraud ! if you go ( which i wouldn 't recommend ) , pay with cash .
0	the sauce ( thai ) was bad , not even sure what it tasted like . very expensive for what i got . i will never go back . no wonder it was half empty at lunch !
0	they sat us , gave us a menu , waited 15 minutes and the waiter returned and stated we could not order off the menu due to a catering event they had for 700 . offered us a buffet option which we declined and departed . so we went to satay on paradise . much better ! !
0	the sushi is average , at best , and over priced . the service is terrible . i would highly recommend that you travel a few more blocks to sushi rock .
0	they are not friendly their buns were stale . i was made to sit at the window for 15 minutes ( i timed it ! ) and my fries were cold . why did i have to wait so long on a very simple order and still get cold fries ! ? it 's not like i order a ton of food it was maybe 5 value menu items at lunch time with no special request . guess i should have questioned why in a as the only car there at lunch time !
0	this place needs to be shut down by the health department . we waited almost an hour for our meals and they only showed up when we got up to walk out . plastic plates , plastic silverware and styrofoam cups , wtf ! ? ! ? our food was cold , no wonder .. if it had been under a heat lamp the plastic plate would have melted ! watched a server try to re-heat fries in a metal bucket under a non-warm heat lamp then serve them . this place needs to be shut down .
0	receptionist seemed annoyed the whole time and that i wasn 't worth it . while i waited for my order went to the bar for a drink for 5 min and the bartender decided chatting with her staff was more important . i 've been coming here for years and not sure i will be returning .
0	too many noodles , not enough meat in their special - i was fishing around just to find some tendon ( which was quite soft , i have to say ) . they mix in the bean sprouts rather than serve it on the side , which i don 't like , and they don 't even understand viet ... so ordering a ca phe sua was a bit confusing - especially as they don 't have it anyway ! for what you get for $ 8 , i 'd say find a better place .
0	waited 50 minutes for a char sui and rice . withing that 50 mins , the fire alarm went off 3 times ! would not recommend this place !
0	waited ten minutes for waters then waited another 15 minutes for just two rolls . the food did not taste fresh at all and even the fish in the sushi bar window looked terrible . the waiters would stand right in between my boyfriend and i and shout over our heads to the sushi chef behind the bar . was totally awkward and rude and just plain weird . the miso soup was hot and didn 't taste bad though kind of bland . overall bad experience . will not go back .
0	adequate food , but will not visit again . forced customers to pay 15 % gratuity while they deserve none .
0	wanted to try a new place today and decided to swing by . the fried rice was mushy , the low mein was bloated and mushy , the main dishes like orange chicken and broccoli beef were cold . the egg rolls tasted like they had cinnamon in them . most of the dishes looked like they had been sitting on the buffet unchanged for quite a while . the service was no better . we were greeted abruptly as if we were interrupting something at the door and were seated . we got our drinks and that was the last time our server came by our table . the wait staff stood at their station on their cell phones . we won 't be back .
0	we stopped with all the best expectations- first they were out of ginger , then they gave my sashimi to some one at at the bar , tried to serve us tea warmed up in a microwave and then came back to explain they could make hot water . they got the sushi order completely screwed up . never again . had to go to whole foods to finish dinner .
0	where is the flavor ? ! i ordered delivery tonight and got the egg rolls , tom kah soup and authentic pad thai . every single item lacked any flavor . i even asked for the soup to be medium spicy and the pad thai to be medium to hot . the pad thai has got to be one of the worst i have ever eaten . there is no egg , no tofu and no peanuts which is listed as included on the menu . it literally is just greasy noodles with a few pieces of chicken and a wedge of lime . terrible , i won 't be ordering from this place again . do yourself a favor and order from somewhere else .
0	where to begin ? the food is served on plastic plates and bowls with the name of another restaurant on them . the selection is meager unless you want sushi . the appetizers are on the last page of the menu . the food was bland and comparable to food you would get at a take-out chinese place with photos of dishes above the counter . service was slow . the manager walked around the dining area but did not ask anyone about their meal ; but he did stop to blow his nose in the middle of the dining area .
0	awful ..... will never order from again waiting over an hour and a half for delivery when it was suppose to be a 45 minute delivery
0	worst " chinese " food ever . chicken ball batter was questionable . beef definitely tasted off . even the rice was bad . how do you screw up chicken fried rice ? !
0	worst food i have had in a long time . every part of it was terrible . two apps and two entrees , all really bad .
0	worst meal i 've had in vegas . placed an order for a delivery- granted we only live round the corner . was quoted an hour for delivery- it finally arrived after 1 hour and 20minutes . food was warm , not hot . food was disgusting , ordered 2 beef dishes that tasted exactly the same . egg rolls just tasted of cabbage with black pepper , and the crab rangoons- either they had no crab in them or we didn 't receive them at all.not feeling too great after the couple of mouthfuls we had either a massive let down and disappointment . definately go elsewhere.big thumbs down from me .
0	i 've tried it three times because their version of khao soi is outstanding . but other dishes range from mediocre to terrible . the pad thai here is mushy and tasteless , downright awful ! and the service is consistently atrocious : incredibly slow , rude , and inefficient . they seem like they are still beginners . the one take-out order i had was missing one of the dishes i ordered and i was charged for something i didn 't order in addition to the missing dish . with so many great thai restaurants in toronto , this one has become just too much trouble . avoid it !
0	super overpriced . you are not missing out on anything here . i must say though the waitress was nice . if you want good service and traditional dishes .. check out chou 's kitchen or szechwan garden in chandler .
0	this is not a restaurant .... it is a 8 seat bar 1 / 2 way in the common area . tuna & salmon was tuff & chewy . chef watches you eat his food so i smiled as i poured soy & downed my roll with ginger .
0	place is more than half empty and food still took 50 min to get out . half the plates were cold from sitting around in the kitchen . waiter tells us the food was held up because of so many sushi orders at other tables ...... what orders ! this place is empty and the people that are dont have sushi in front of them either .
0	low quality meet with tons of fat .. and the banchan tasted old n weird . dont come here these people r crazy to serve this crap n ask ubto oay $ 26 for low quality meat , overcooked rice , n 5 dishes of banchan that is not fresh or tasty they dont serve any soups or steamed egg with the ayce .
0	the fish are not fresh , and tasty not good . when we saw the cut roll come out , it look like a sh * t . if you plan to spend $ 20 for your lunch , you can find another else better then this one . also one of the asian skinny guy who works here his so rude ! ! never come back again ! !
0	the male servers are rude - throws plates around , takes wrong orders and forgets food . the service is both terrible and slow . food handling here is unsanitary
0	the service is by far the worst i have ever encountered in a restaurant , almost to the point where we had to remind the servers how to do their jobs .
0	baaaaaaaad vietnamese food seriously how can they screw up banh cuon like this
0	i came to this place years ago when i first moved to the valley . the food was sadly less than i remember . i had chow mein and babe had shrimp fried rice . both items were very greasy , lacked flavor and had very little protein . we will not be returning to this establishment . there is way better chinese throughout the valley .
0	delivered to my company for a lunch meeting . we all ended up throwing everything away . too bad , cause they 're fast and friendly and of all the times we ordered , this was the first time we ever had an issue . it is in an old building , but these days , they should just be more vigilant in making sure their restaurant is " food ' ready .....
0	we recently received an order if french fries that appeared to have been thrown in the oil for less than a minute , totally white , still partially frozen inside and soggy . the portions are getting smaller and smaller and it also appears the quality control is non existent . sadly after many years we will not be ordering again .
0	completely inedible . i asked for eggs over hard . our waitress spoke clear english so i can 't blame a language barrier for the mistake ... what i got was sunny side up . i sent them back with even clearer instructions to cook through ... and got the exact same thing . then to top off the experience my eggs were plated with stale toast , an old bruised strawberry , and a slice of pineapple with a hair on it . never going back .
0	we moved to t town & tried this place based off our experiences in tempe & downtown phoenix . this wasn 't the same . ichi ban in tempe & phx were a quick decent lunch time sushi place . so our expectations were already mediocre expecting a lunch experience for dinner . what we got was nothing short of pathetic . go to ah-so in good year if you live on the west side this is the best sushi west of central don 't waste your precisous time or money at ichi ban tolleson .
0	1h wait for food when there were only 3 other tables with people . bad quality and quantity of food .
0	food bland and dry . not as good as it used to be .
0	over priced food ( felt like cn tower / trump prices ) for small portions - especially the sushi . appetizers took forever to come . will not be coming back .
0	after all the server didn 't feel sorry when we told him about the service problem . the owner should think about what happened about their service training . not gonna come back again
0	won 't come back for sure ! ! ! !
0	food was good ... but service bad ! it 's even worse when you go back to talk to the waiter call him by his name and he puts his hand in your face not once but twice and you 're sitting there trying to enjoy your food with your family from out of town and the waitress is yelling at the cook demanding what she needs we ordered drinks and we 're waiting for them and as we 're waiting for them seeing that our party was a party of 6 a party of four came in and got their drinks before we did i would not go back to that restaurant . everyone had attitude no smiles nothing .
0	food is just ok . i won 't be coming nor will i be recommending it ......
0	we ordered takeout . multiple issues : 1 can 't order children 's menu over the phone . fine , no big deal . 2 wrong order given to us . didn 't realize until my husband got all the way home . mistakes happen . 3 return to ah-so after calling . given lukewarm order with no offer to make fresh or make up for their mistake . getting annoyed . 4 we are now sick to our stomach . never again ! ! ! ! !
0	the service was fine but the food took forever and there was only one lady serving at lunch time . we ordered 3 rolls and they took about ten minutes in between each one to come out when we ordered there was no one else in the place .... not sure what took so long ? not a very good lunch menu ... no rolls on it .... ? ? / ! ! ! and the hot green tea tasted like hot rain watter , nothing green about it . overall not satisfied and even had one bad piece of fish i had to spit out .. will not be returning . not sure why this place has 5 stars ? : (
0	they have one chef and he called out sick so all they had was soup and appetizers . oh and if your not asian don 't go here . a couple walked in 20 minutes after us and were paying their bill when we got our food .
0	bad ! ! bad ! ! ! i read reviews on yelp recommending this but i was beyond disappointed . i ordered the house special spicy . ( beef , pork , chicken and shrimp fried rice ) with breaded shrimp and spring rolls , they all tasted horrible and it wasn 't cheap . i should have ordered from my regular spot with fast delivery and very good tasty food ( new ho king ) also , they delivered my food late . never ordering from here again . never ever !
0	just got home from ordering to go . rude . food doesn 't taste good . had to wait for it a bit longer than i should have . didn 't even get all of my order . the guys working we 're rude and seemed as though we were bothering them by walking through the door . will never go back .
0	mauvais mauvais ! sans respect envers les gens ! ! ! ! bad bad bad ! taste very very bad ! liar liar liar liar liar : they don 't respect custumer
0	on valentines day ... ! ! waiting 30 min to get a drink , another 20 min to get one liltle piece of meet .... i was ignore for the waitress many times and the restaurant was half empty .....
0	they said only accept cash and debt cards when i pay for the bill , even their menu said accept credit cards . maybe they can avoid paying tax to the government . shark fins soup dumpling is the worse dim sum dish , no shark fins inside , avoid to order it . tastes so so compare to other restaurants at highway 7 .
0	his attitude toward us was racist in a way . he gave us free sodas but that doesnt fix anything . we didnt appreciate that he would rather return our money than try to make sure our order was being made . i 'd say this restaurant is not very good for to-go orders .
0	bad , bad , bad. the chow mein was edible and that is literally the nicest thing i can say .
0	bad . bad . we had orange chicken that was a mush of panko bread crumbs ( ~ 70 % ) and a few pieces of chicken . the jalapeno chicken was the same , 3 impossible to eat with chopsticks pieces of chicken in a huge amount of onions an jalapeno that did not taste like jalapeno but rather like bell peppers . the egg drop soup was kind of okay but looked like hot water with egg . food should look tasty , too . very very disappointed .
0	won 't return . too expensive for frozen crawfish that taste bad , corn soggy , horrible service , yuck ! two times and tries and they still stink !
0	3 terrible hours , i kid u not , we will never go back here again. i rather they increased the price from 20 to 25 and give us a real decent buffet like they used to , say about a year ago. now its just really bad. staff were doing their best to mess up or ignore us .
0	bad services ! ! ! ! u can find better korean somewhere in town ! don 't go here !
0	no flavor at all . tastes like it was made from all ap flour and no cornstarch was used . did they even use orange juice , zest , or ginger ? i swear it doesn 't taste like it . if i was a stoner and didn 't know any better then i guess i wouldn 't complain but i do know better . seriously was disappointed . i also had their bar-b-qued pork off their apps ( i think ) list and it wasn 't to bad but not good for the price .
0	bad. bad. not attractive waiters / waitresses. salty food. overpriced pot of tea. not real asian food. no customers. waitresses that do not speak english well. i ordered the sashimi combo on the 1st page. i think. and the lettuce cups. the lettuce cup minced meat was so salty. it was like eating chewy salt with lettuce. like a hamster. go to makino people. look it up .
0	they offer a $ 19 , $ 25 n $ 32 meal . you ask for the $ 19 n they force you to buy the $ 25 meal even tho you don 't want the meats in the more expensive meal .
0	we ordered yukhoe , the beef was frozen . we complained , the waitress insisted on telling us it was supposed to be eaten like that , she made us pay for it . rest of the food was not that great and rather expensive . really don 't suggest to go to this one , montreal has so many better korean restos ...
0	pretty bad . wont go back . for a newly opened place you would think they would try a bit harder .
0	service - awful . food - bland , watered down israeli food . perfect for the middle of the road suburbia .
0	bad bad service ... offered a big table to 2 small group to share ... skip us for the big party ... this is america we don 't share table here ...
0	we just walked out because the hostess gave us attitude for wanting a booth . 8 / 12 / 12 12 : 45pm
0	if you wanna charge my tips you should let me know before . after that i paid tips again cause i didn 't know they already charge my tips. and the service was bad like shiiiit and they always keep that shit face with you .
0	ps i 'm a big eater and you just lost ! ! ! ! i wish i didn 't have to give you any stars ! ! !
0	they asked questions before they ordered and were assured they would get it the way she wanted it . really , call the police ... well i won 't be giving any of my money at this place , and if you don 't want to get screwed over a screwed up order i wouldn 't stop there either ... they will call the cops on you . some really great customer service , not !
0	came highly recommended by someone who had been there many many years ago . things have changed . we ordered all over the map ... tofu , chicken. seafood , noodles ... everything was bland and low quality . avoid at all costs .
0	most dishes were deep fried , high in msg / sodium - not real thai at all
0	i order the egg rolls to start off with ... we were done after the first bite , it had a bad after taste as if it was rancid . the brisket pho wasn 't any better , broth was lacking flavor and my brisket was still pink because the broth wasn 't steaming hot . i order the chicken fried rice for my daughter ... they should 've called it " fried peas and carrots with an overly cooked brown rubbery egg . " where 's the rice ? ! anyway , will not be back !
